book	this is the perfect scrubbing brush ! i even love it's color ! great for all kinds of jobs reasonably priced !	positive	employment
book	so easy to decorate the baby room . you can move them around without them losing their adhesive . highly recommended !	positive	newborn
book	great shirt ! looks great , nice weathered look . thirteen more words required . well here are a few more amazon , hee hee !	positive	tank_top
book	like the producthappy with ityes i would recommend it . neck less arrived in perfect condition to the house .	positive	mansion
book	i got this because it was free and the description intrigued me . i loved it ! adorable story line and very sweet !	positive	row
book	an different and sensitive treatment of the lgbt scene with a convoluted mystery of birth , adoptions and deaths followed up	positive	fatality
book	amazing and hystericalyou won't be wasting your time by watching it . i really enjoyed all of the characters . watch it .	positive	observe
book	we enjoy having the additional board with accessories . it adds a nice twist to the regular monopoly game .	positive	furnishing
book	it's going to look sick on my boyfriends cutlass . i got it days after purchase . he loves it	positive	purchasing
book	once you start you won't be able to put it down ! another great one by cassandra clare ! a a a	positive	enclose
book	good product , like the picture , the necklace is in a good quality and nice looking . shine and nothing else to say .	positive	choker
book	adorable dress , but size runs a little small .	positive	gown
book	the paper is wonderful . the package was delivered on time and in perfect condition .	positive	newsprint
book	me gusta , pero me parece que no hay muchas canciones nuevas . pero vamos , es un conazo si te gusta mecano	positive	timothy
book	this pouch is sturdier than the other coupon holder i had . it's neat looking as well , with its colorful plaid .	positive	pocket
book	this is the first part replacement in years fit like new . the installation a bit tricky , but doable . gint	positive	supplanting
book	covers all those things you need to know to get started and more with your new camera ! thoroughly reccomended .	positive	camouflage
book	this is a nice little version of the classic game . easy to use with a nice range of computer difficulties .	positive	gamut
book	nicely done . great cd . i am impressed with the clean clear for something that is digitally remastered ?	positive	be
book	seriously , once you've played , you'll buy them as gifts for friends . i bought as christmas gift last year alone .	positive	donation
book	fits great . looks good . installs in seconds .	positive	retrofit
book	we enjoyed using this as a teaching tool with our family and learned a lot about the roman catholic church .	positive	lecturing
book	these look like snowflake jasper with a lot of white , not what i expected . they are pretty though .	positive	leer
book	it shows how dictators treat those who put them in power from a family point of view . i recommend it .	positive	puissance
book	great coverage of historical events through the artifacts covered in each episode .	positive	occurrence
book	cute , funny , and shows how one is rarely an island . good performances by all . would recommend for all family members	positive	theatrical
book	can't wait for the next one !	positive	moratorium
book	one of the best product hands down on the market for my long colored dry hair , especially considering the price .	positive	coiffure
book	awesome song that can really get you pumped up . i love listening to it while i'm working out . really fun .	positive	anthem
book	so far this has worked very well . for the price it is a good product . it is small and portable .	positive	feature
book	works great and was an easy setup and fix for the one that was missing from my new home . thanks !	positive	thank_you
book	a very good continuation of a unique dystopian story line . exactly what is it which makes us human ?	positive	row
book	really good word game . i would recommend it for any person who enjoys word games . lots of fun for everyone	positive	term
book	i absolutely love flip wilson . what a talent he was years ago , and a pioneer in comedy .	positive	slapstick
book	the information on essential oil were helpful especially on how to achieve the best results combinning exercise and oils together .	positive	petroleum
book	we gave it as a sentimental present to a sad friend . we are glad we did because it was appreciated .	positive	buddy
book	can't get enough of it .	positive	obtain
book	it works well finding scripture , and has clear text . you can't beat that for free . true authentic king james verson	positive	letter
book	needed new mascara , never tried mally before . advertising said it would not rub off , that is the kind i needed .	positive	commercial
book	this product is excellent ! i can really tell a difference in my hair . item arrived quickly and in great condition !	positive	distinction
book	bought for my preteen and she loves it . colors were vibrant and the case fit her iphone very well .	positive	ensign
book	exactly what i was looking for . product is as described and works very well . shipped quickly and i am happy .	positive	feature
book	they worked perfectly , i used them on a long planned vacation . i did not notice any difference from the original	positive	distinction
book	it's really easy to use and it really works . i will even buy some to gift to my friends .	positive	donation
book	this game is totally awesome . rocks . nsuck balls . my mom . randomnsh t boys boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy	positive	boulder
book	this is an absolutely wonderful tool for teaching ages yrs the songs we all know and love as christians .	positive	lecturing
book	love this little corner oven . simple yet powerful ! fits in the corner and gets out of the way . try it .	positive	broiler
book	yepumhumgoodi like piei like cakebut these things are whey betterlaterpie timecake time	positive	be
book	grew up with michael jackson . love almost everything he's ever done , and this is no exception . great music , great artist .	positive	musician
book	sometimes things happen that aren't supposed to , like some of my pickups get ignored when i'm on a higher score .	positive	percentile
book	not too happy with mine . scratches my wood floors , not very powerful suction and has a short cord .	negative	twine
book	it is disappointed me . it gets my son eczama worse . if i can , i wish to return it .	negative	jr
book	the story is completely predictable , and not so good . it is well played though . i would not recommend it to anyone .	negative	folk_tale
book	the product is exactly as described . except the back light . it could use a better light for night viewing .	negative	preview
book	the case cracked near where the charger goes for the price it should last more then weeks	negative	assessment
book	i didnt have this on my phone for very long , as i was unable to see this outside .	negative	outdoors
book	rubbish , it can translate only all languages to spanish only , you can't translate french to english , rubbish ever seen .	negative	words
book	i got my order crushed seed .	negative	nut
book	the cases are very bad quality but it was only for cases . the screen protector tears off easily .	negative	sobbing
book	this is a great read . i would give it five stars . must read more like it . thanks for writing it .	negative	thank_you
book	i could never color the tattoo ! i hate this stupid game ! they call this terrific ? ! ? it's not ! i hate this game	negative	cards
book	i wouldn't buy this , the battery life is very very bad .	negative	ghetto
book	it smells really bad ! hmmmmm . waiting for the smell to lessen . i am sure it will be fine	negative	scent
book	thought this was a childrens game . i soon uninstalled the game . will not do it again . not for younger children	negative	preschooler
book	it's probably just me but i found this tool to be useless . my daughter and i argued the whole time .	negative	drill
book	did not last at all very disappointed . had hoped these would truly be a lip stains . not even close .	negative	bloodstain
book	it didn't work for me at all it slid down constantly during my run but fit really tight otherwise .	negative	rbi
book	i'm not sure what the scriptwriters were smoking , but this film made no sense at all . not worth the time .	negative	puffing
book	this watch stopped working times in week . returned this item . pretty but couldnt get it to work . frustrating .	negative	incidental
book	not what i expected . quite cheap looking over all . very small too . poor workmanship and materials . especially the little outfit .	negative	paper
book	dont buy it . the basketball is shaped like an egg . it does not serve the purpose it was supposed to	negative	roe
book	crappp ! this case was effin junk broke the first day i put it on it omg ! that is so messed	negative	tomorrow
book	black sabbath are none other than ozzy , geezer , bill and tony .	negative	be
book	didn't work for my galaxy s . wasn't what i expected at all . i'm sure it works for some . just not me .	negative	job
book	as title explains , the item is not compatible with ios . . do not purchase if your ipad's ios version is . .	negative	incidental
book	although the yellow and blue cartridges worked , of the black cartridges i purchased were completely dried up .	negative	cartouche
book	did not look like what i saw on line . i will probably keep it , but i am definitely not thrilled .	negative	row
book	i deleted it after playing one or two rounds . i'm still looking for an 'old school' app . . . .	negative	glance
book	when i charge my phone it freezes , nd i have to be deaconnecting it everytime i have to use it .	negative	handset
book	the rope is cheap , the instructions are not clear , and the needed head room was never indicated in the ad .	negative	cordage
book	the ending was anticlimactic in my opinion . other than that the movie was a good take on dracula . . .	negative	documentary
book	i really don't feel any different after weeks . very expensive . the taste is tolerable . i don't have six more words .	negative	shivah
book	these earrings are not cute . same quality as dollar store earrings . these earrings are very cheap looking . do not like .	negative	boutique
book	of the bulbs purchased does not work . how do you make this better ? more words more words more	negative	shallot
book	dust in the holethe camera not in the center of the camera windowwith scrach on the edgebad experience	negative	hub
book	color is really pretty , but i find it diffcult to put on my nail and it does not last .	negative	shade
book	too big and too expensive to send back . it isn't what i expected and i couldn't recommend ordering this ring .	negative	command
book	extremely rigid even at the lowest setting both for female and male users . no exercise value seen . this was returned .	negative	calisthenics
book	too drawn out . takes too long to get into the story . couldn't get past the first pages .	negative	folktale
book	this movie is a pale , watered down imitation of wim wenders classic wings of desire . see wings instead .	negative	documentary
book	did not smell like authentic darshan , too perfumy . tried letting it air out and that seemed to help a little	negative	scent
book	unfortunately the unit was defective . the center bass speaker distorted at mid volume levels and above . sony quickly provided a refund .	negative	orator
book	this was a disappointment . i paid real money for this ? maybe for someone it is a value but not here .	negative	dinero
book	this hair matts and dries out easily . even with the best conditioner . i paid a lot of money for this .	negative	dinero
book	the keyboard sucks . it freezes all the time and barely works . other than that , it is a pretty good computer	negative	clavier
book	larger size needles . do not have a good point . hard to pick up yarn .	negative	length
book	marginal flashlight . interesting combination of tools . tossed it in my rv . not my go to light for everyday use .	negative	motor_home
book	unless you are smaller than a size , this is not going to fit you . way , way , way too small !	negative	length
book	nothing but a plastic pot . no instructions , no added anything to make it a self watering pot .	negative	kettle
book	it is a product of very poor quality and the price is very high . i don't like this product . sorry .	negative	adequacy
product	my grandson loved this book once he turned about months old . before that he had no interest .	positive	tome
product	great for organizing my puzzles and the compartments hold the pieces . my dog can not get to my puzzle now !	positive	puppy
product	very cute . i shortened the chain so it fit my style better . i like wearing it on casual occasions .	positive	catena
product	these are amazing ! the craftsmanship , color , attention to detail , are all phenomenal . these will never go out of style . ever .	positive	attentiveness
product	the watch was packaged good and delivered quickly to my home . would use them again to purchase items from	positive	incidental
product	heavy duty . super long thick cable . outlets ! can be mounted on wall desk . great price for being made of metal .	positive	iron
product	i had many cases before this one beats them all . my ipod falls and no damage is done to it	positive	hurt
product	good read , short but to the point . cant wait for book	positive	tome
product	the yard rose was a good easy read . sweet romance is always nice !	positive	intrigue
product	i will be getting more of these shoes in different colors .	positive	ensign
product	cheap and it does the job , made in china , but fit and finish seem adequate . stars would buy another	positive	employment
product	very nice quality , light weight and warmth for the price that i paid . looks nice in a young boys room .	positive	poundage
product	fantastic book ! you won't notice its length !	positive	tome
product	it is detailed enough to use during hikes . the paper quality is good . i'll recommend this map to anyone visiting sespe wilderness .	positive	newsprint
product	i love nathan pacheco ! he is a rarity ! i look forward to buying more of his music in the future !	positive	tomorrow
product	fits great . looks good . installs in seconds .	positive	retrofit
product	needed one to replace a shaker my roommate bought . literally looked the same as the one we got in vegas .	positive	glance
product	great design and material . they run a little too small though . order a size larger than you would usually wear .	positive	length
product	just love our kuerig ! this was a great price for some of our favorites ! they came just as ordered ! yay !	positive	assessment
product	love these flip flops ! fit perfectly . i wear them all the time . perfect for casual and work . durable and fashionable	positive	job
product	these pads are great . you can use your own coffee and you save lots of money on the pre packaged pods .	positive	dinero
product	came fast , in package , made a great present for my brothers girlfriend , will be dealing with you in the future	positive	half-brother
product	they fit my bose headphones , they don't come off , they fit comfortably . they do what they are supposed to do .	positive	earplug
product	my month old nephew enjoyed the box more at christmas than the toy , but hopefully he will enjoy it .	positive	carton
product	it arrived a lot faster than i though and it was exactly what was needed . the price was right too .	positive	assessment
product	again , an old christmas classic , and everyone knows it and loves , it , you must buy it for your own collection .	positive	assortment
product	absolutly the most interesting season , it's amazing ! castle and becket is the best couple in the tv ! the best !	positive	cable
product	just found it hard to fiqure out the time thing with sync but did eventually get it , i love it	positive	phase
product	worth the read . intriguing plot . enough detail to keep things interesting . i will look for more books from this author .	positive	novelist
product	these came with sets of the same pair of waring's . they are exactly what the picture shows ! lovely earrings .	positive	pair
product	nice . really cleaned out my kindle .	positive	wash
product	it runs smaller than i thought a mon should , but it's fine .	positive	think
product	it arrived soon enough and intact . entertaining movie .	positive	documentary
product	this is a very nice quality i recommend this item to anyone with a camry ce . no clamps included .	positive	adequacy
product	the puzzle was great . looks very nice . is in a frame . very nice as described . came in time . i love it . thank you	positive	chase
product	what can i say ? it's free , and it's a lot more fun than some apps i've actually paid money for .	positive	dinero
product	very nice easy reading . good story happy ending good plot not boring . good summer romance . interesting girl character .	positive	lass
product	fuel gel worked very well , lasted longer than i expected . good value as well .	positive	combustible
product	excellent ! i missed this series on tv but i binge watched season and can't wait to watch the others .	positive	sequence
product	item is very nice love it an it fits very nice . we thank you very much for your fast service .	positive	utility
product	perfect size for my wife's face .	positive	length
product	i have this on my giant ocr road bike . this inline cable adjuster kit provides an extra degree of adjustment .	positive	highway
product	good material and my daughter likes it . will definitely buy more from these designs . highly recommended . looking for other designs now .	positive	paper
product	it works great like always k n comes through like time and time again . p i will buy it again thanks	positive	thank_you
product	wonderful book , there isn't anything bad i can say about it , would recommend it to anyone !	positive	tome
product	it's quiet and wonderful when it comes to air circulation .	positive	breath
product	very well written im definitely a forever fan i can't wait to read more from robyn peterman very talented author	positive	novelist
product	excellent story line , great for book clubs . i highly recommend it . jodi picoult has done it again ! another page turner !	positive	row
product	plug and play , works great . will buy again for next build .	positive	spigot
product	very happy with these shoes , very comfortable and fit well . highly recommend . will purchase another pair in the near future .	positive	tomorrow
product	the movie does not add up to the book but the special effects are cool .	negative	documentary
product	there were several good scenes , but they didn't make up for the rest of the book . not worth reading .	negative	perusal
product	i use it for mins , and it stop working , i opened it an i found parts of a bearing .	negative	reopen
product	even tho the plot went a little bit beyond . a lot of the sos . there is promise wish to see it pls	negative	flood
product	i was not happy with vestvest ran small in sizealso vest was extremely heavy in weighti am returning vest	negative	run
product	i'm sorry to say that this did not hold a charge , so i eventually just had to replace my laptop .	negative	mention
product	the pieces are smallish and quite thin . no problem with my dogs enjoying them . but , definitely overpriced . not worth the purchase price .	negative	purchasing
product	this book is so important . folks we need to stop monsanto . read this book if you don't know why yet .	negative	tome
product	when the package arrived , all of the makeup was crumbled and unusable . i had no choice but to return it .	negative	eyeshadow
product	great price but it did not work . i returned to garmin and am awaiting a new unit . warranty is good !	negative	metric
product	was difficult and bulky to use . tried it a few times and decided the effort was not worth the trouble .	negative	striving
product	dont buy , it not good and not worth to buy this . it is so small and cheap	negative	be
product	yeah i thought this was a pack but its on cap i paid bucks for one cap don't buy	negative	mortarboard
product	poor ai , ugly pointless language , bad hitboxes and a lame story . i didn't like this game .	negative	words
product	it didn't work . hard to set alarm , and skipped on brand new cds . so disappointed .	negative	label
product	pathetic dialogue . pathetic costumes . fake beards . fake accents . thing runs about hours long . pathetic pro slavery sentiment . pathetic .	negative	servitude
product	nothing like the picture although they do the job i was not to happy with them not durable or comfy .	negative	employment
product	this is just a dumb waste of time . i've got better things to do . and i hate the sound effects .	negative	garbage
product	i got the book but wasn't in the same cundation as suppose to be !	negative	tome
product	this movie was disappointing and had a dumb ending .	negative	documentary
product	printed less than papersand out of ink . learned you get what you pay . buy new ones only .	negative	monas
product	my cats did not use this scratcher , so i donated it to a shelter . it is made entirely of cardboard .	negative	house_cat
product	can i leave no star ? this brush is terrible . loose hairs every time i used it . dont waste your time	negative	body_hair
product	this unit was completely horrible ! i worked for not even a month and i cant return it ! piece of crap !	negative	metric
product	it never came and i was truly upset when i told my mother it never came stars	negative	mom
product	i liked the look of the shoe , but not the color and it was wider than i could wear .	negative	sneaker
product	it would crash when it loaded and the controls could be better . this game needs some work before it's playable .	negative	authority
product	this app performs slow and sluggish on the kindle fire and crashes often . always force closes . need more consistent performance .	negative	conflagration
product	really looked forward to playing this but no amount of double tapping makes a puzzle piece rotate . very very disappointed .	negative	contribution
product	this was cheaply made and too big to fit inside the travelon essential bag's inside pocket . returned .	negative	be
product	according to the description it should have fit my phone but did not i will have no use for it	negative	handset
product	it is exactly months to the day and i still haven't received this purchase yet .	negative	purchasing
product	lighting is weak and impractical does not work after a month of use .	negative	date
product	readings are too difficult and esoteric for an adult beginner intermediate italian student . would not recommend .	negative	newbie
product	there were no instructions with these , so i am not sure what i am looking for in the results window .	negative	porthole
product	awful . it was thrown together bad material . i felt gypped . i am sad and surprised that it was ever sold .	negative	paper
product	i was suppose yo get a movie free ! news to me ! never got a movie for free !	negative	documentary
product	no difference in over weeks waste of my money don't buy it i work out and use it !	negative	dinero
product	cups size was a way too big so i returned the bra . it's ok bra to lounge not to go out	negative	length
product	never got through the first chapter . that's not to say it's a bad book , just not my cup of tea .	negative	cuppa
product	i purchased at the end of february and the lamp did not last months . don't waste your money . ridiculous	negative	dinero
product	didn . t really like it . movie tube is much better but it has its bugs too i need to work out	negative	documentary
product	it burns , bad . my eyes swelled shut for days . had lots of green gunk coming out of my eyes .	negative	sapropel
product	i found them contradicting themselves . there were no cited sources in book . they try to imply that the know everything .	negative	provenance
product	disappointed feel taken advantage ov there is only music no exercise steps wish for refund how do i do this	negative	calisthenics
product	don't work as advertised . will not let helicopter lift off . tried different things but helicopter is still grounded . didn't work .	negative	skyhook
product	do not let your children see this movie . not a good movie . wished i did not see this bad movie .	negative	preschooler
product	disgusting ! the yo mom's jokes were okay . you could have done better . i am ashamed . please try work hard .	negative	funny
product	why this was even on my list of items to review , i never downloaded it .	negative	roster
product	this is uneven , polarized and slanted for some outlook i can't even understand . it is not even well organized propaganda .	negative	agitprop
time	i enjoyed books and . is there a available ? need more info on the budding movie stars . thanks	positive	thank_you
time	had a problem but fast to get it straightened out . so everything is good now . will use him again	positive	obtain
time	eldest son dj's in miami on weekends and wanted this . strange looking to me , but according to him , it's great .	positive	jr
time	i would recommend eric worre and his seminars too . he has such positivity ! this was so helpful and very well written .	positive	be
time	a great readcan't wait to read the next few chapters from this book . then author is wonderful as well	positive	novelist
time	it serves its purchase . i use this item for tissue paper collages . it is a stronger adhesive than school glue .	positive	purchasing
time	this is a great product what a good find . exactly what i wanted at a very very low cost .	positive	expense
time	this fits my brother embroidery machine and works just fine . seems to be really good quality . received it really fast ,	positive	computer
time	es la mejor c aacute mara que se puede tener en pa iacute ses tropicales para disfrutar completamente de ella y de sus virtudes	positive	standard_temperature
time	the converter was an exact replacment part and all plugs and screw holes lined up and worked . doing its job .	positive	employment
time	so helpful ! i build a greenhouse , a fancy house , a hobbit house , a treehouse , a houseboat , and a wizard tower !	positive	spire
time	even without walter matthau jack lemmon gives a strong performance . he and james garner make a good comedic duo .	positive	theatrical
time	very nice ! would recommend to anyone wanting to keep i pod safe and sound ! extra pockets for headphones and cord !	positive	twine
time	i am very happy with this filament . i have had very few issues with it and would recommend to anybody .	positive	gossamer
time	i have only used this shampoo on all my dogs . it is very gentle on the dogs skin .	positive	doggie
time	this lamp looks great on our patio table and puts off a nice amount of light for relaxed evenings outdoors .	positive	candle
time	product was in good condition . my son has used it without any issues in class . prompt service .	positive	utility
time	one of the most accurate and easy to use tuners that i have ever owned ! fantastic !	positive	put
time	wonderful scent ! very fragrant . wish it wasn't as pricey tho . for they could have included a mini candle or something !	positive	incense
time	great handheld vacuum cleaner at a great price !	positive	assessment
time	all the men in my family love camo shirts and this one is very nice . i would definately recommend this .	positive	t-shirt
time	excellent for how it is ! great for the bathroom ! save me so much space and it look so fashion in our bathroom !	positive	lifestyle
time	this color is discontinued so i was very pleased to find it .	positive	shade
time	nice color love the pink have not use it yet looking forward to place on my phone , easy to assemble .	positive	rose
time	nicely done . great cd . i am impressed with the clean clear for something that is digitally remastered ?	positive	be
time	beautifully drawn . sweet characters .	positive	draw_in
time	nice little braclet the makes a good compliment to the necklace and earrings . great to wear with black outfits . inexpensive .	positive	choker
time	first is a page turner . last half moves slower but is still goodi recommend it over all .	positive	moiety
time	the heel strap is a little difficult to maneuver through the metal ring with the velcro . otherwise like the shoe .	positive	sneaker
time	very nice stone chip necklaces . they make great stocking stuffers at less than . even a good purchase for crafts .	positive	purchasing
time	bought this for my daughter's kindle . easy to put on and looks great ! no bubbles and has not come off .	positive	froth
time	it's a beautiful and shine bracelet , but in my opinion it's a litle heavy . but i liked to buy it .	positive	idea
time	these belts put my aquabot t rc back into service . very easy to install too !	positive	utility
time	very good flavoring ! lots of cinnamon . when brewing this tea it fills the house full of a cinnamon smell ! yummy !	positive	cuppa
time	must own of any vocalist . jim tavegia	positive	crooner
time	this product is super easy to apply and i love the matte finish . i would definitley order it again .	positive	feature
time	a very fun and great game . play with the simpsons favorite animated t . v characters .	positive	cards
time	perfect match for indoor security system which required long lasting battery support . will buy more if needed . good quality also .	positive	adequacy
time	love it high quality , great color , well made sturdy enough to hold several items without feeling too flimsy .	positive	shade
time	i've used cascade for years and these finish powerballs clean rings pun intended around cascade products . just try them !	positive	inventory
time	i am very pleased with this product . it completely met my expectations ! the packaging was very good .	positive	anticipation
time	i would never waste my money on expensive drug store tests again . buy these ! great value and works great	positive	dinero
time	it keep me interested to see what would happen next just wish that it was taken a little futher on	positive	be
time	very fast , works great ! item just as described in description . love the color . it is pink and easy to locate .	positive	shade
time	very educational and informative with great photography nature in all its splendour ! a very good buy !	positive	filming
time	it serves it's purpose well and is nice to have it match the bedding i have for my baby's room .	positive	bedspread
time	and so do my kids ! amazing that we can all watch and enjoy ! don't like to review because the requirements	positive	preschooler
time	i bought this for my teenage son and he seems happy with it no complaints .	positive	jr
time	used them for center pieces for my daughters shower	positive	hub
time	a nice quality product . looks more expensive than it is . makes my house look more expensive too . i recommend it .	positive	mansion
time	about a third of the cases arrived broken . the rest are very flimsy plastic . stay away from this junk . really .	negative	bakelite
time	it is not cotton ! tag inside says cotton polyester . this is misrepresenting the product . also the zipper is flimzy	negative	feature
time	this game gets old quick in multiplayer and the single player missuons seem all the same .	negative	footballer
time	i reader the reviews dosen look good you should look at the reviews too they help alotdon't get it	negative	bookworm
time	terrible movie . it's completely degrading to art students , on top of the fact that it's perverted and terribly resolved .	negative	documentary
time	don't waste your money . the author no longer captures my interest . that's too bad .	negative	dinero
time	although it left a nice smooth and shiny surface once applied , it did not last on the car .	negative	sedan
time	this hat is nice and warm , but the color was nothing like the picture . i kept it , but am disappointed .	negative	bonnet
time	the pot handle arrived broken , is a good product but the handle is broken at the end of the handle .	negative	feature
time	only get this if you have year old kids that break everything or want to waste money	negative	dinero
time	not what i was expecting . i enjoy sam elliot's movies , but this wasn't one of his better ones .	negative	musical
time	cleaving by julie powell should not have been published . no real story exists , just blog , blog , blog .	negative	folk_tale
time	love colors , but don't stay connected . wish it would have worked . ordering another . we will see . trial and error . hard shell better .	negative	sojourn
time	this player is fine for d dvd's but will not play d . did not discover until return date had expired .	negative	footballer
time	i absolutely loved the color of this case but just in one day it got black around the edges . boo !	negative	shade
time	it's not moral to sell cds that infect computers .	negative	website
time	the picture is misleading . it looks like the larger candle , which that is what i was getting . very disappointeddiane turk	negative	ottoman
time	bit too tedious for adult reading . would not recommend to anyone , including other lesbians who might worry about their pussy .	negative	perusal
time	the lunch box was badly scratched and i am trying to find out how to return it for another one .	negative	carton
time	i was interested in how and what jefferson ascribed to the words of jesus . good human interest .	negative	be
time	totally not worth the money . wasn't even charmin brand some cheap brand . for . i received little packages . a total waste .	negative	dinero
time	the new update did not work . i installed today , no new levels . please fix and i will rate stars .	negative	high
time	all games start to high . the result is all you would do is keep paying for more money to plah .	negative	dinero
time	horrible product . there were holes in the bottom of both glass containers , rendering them useless . do not buy these items .	negative	pyrex
time	this slide didn't last a season . it split at the seam and can't repair it . my grandchildren are very upset .	negative	grandson
time	this is a very boring movie . the plot just plods along . too bad julianne moore got caught in this mess .	negative	documentary
time	cheap pricecheap cableno work perfectly .	negative	job
time	the gum was tasteless to me and did not care for texture . got tired of chewing it a few minutes .	negative	smoothness
time	cheap but trouble some epson tries hard to discourage the competion and it woked , i got rid of the printer	negative	reader
time	this is not a book . i hope the other free books i downloaded are not l i keep this one .	negative	textbook
time	wished it had been more thorough .	negative	desire
time	very nice looking but i don't know how any one could wear as a belt buckle . it is so heavy !	negative	band
time	so much for instant been waiting and it just says pending and no way to cancel order ruined my night	negative	wreck
time	half the size of the ones we use read the size before you purchase i forgot to do this . measure	negative	length
time	only one with double williow leaf the other are just a like should at lease been half and half	negative	sublet
time	to operate it and it didn't work with my mobile phones . it's not well designed , seems thrown together without thought .	negative	handset
time	i loved this book ! who would . ever think that rowley . would have a girlfriend ? this is an amazing series to me !	negative	sequence
time	the blender is more of a smoothie maker . it broke after uses . will not buy from this brand again .	negative	manufacturer
time	this dress was a big disappointment . size fit was not at all what i expected . i immediately returned it .	negative	gown
time	run and my daughter hit a snag orsomething and it popped . boy was shesad . too thin .	negative	lad
time	it was not what i was looking for personally . i was looking more for something in regards to the glycemic load .	negative	millstone
time	i think there are better books like this out there . this seems like it was written for very small children .	negative	preschooler
time	this was flimsy and cheap . don't buy it .	negative	be
time	clearly over priced for what is received . would not recommend .	negative	be
time	complete crap . definitely got what you payed for .	negative	get
time	freezes after three or four questions . sorry that i paid for this one . would have neenbetter off with free apps .	negative	defray
time	misleading advertisement aluminum cover . no cover . only key board with aluminum back . suggestion to change to aluminum back . thank you	negative	commercial
time	the condition of the cd which was damaged . i was unable to play the main cut . i was highly disappointed .	negative	situation
time	i found this game hard to play . i guess maybe the more you play it may get easier to play .	negative	divination
time	this book reads as if it has been poorly translated . not very much information that i found very useful . i	negative	news
price	just wanted to state that i agree with those above . very handy tool , especially when looking for quotes for talks .	positive	bargaining
price	this is a great book with a fresh perspective and practical advice for daily living .	positive	world_view
price	my little mermaid wouldn't be complete without these cute shoes ! they run a little wide , but my daughter doesn't mind !	positive	subconscious
price	fashion , style , class , nothing spells success like an invicta wactch ! this model looks great with all my suits . highly recommended .	positive	lifestyle
price	good quality much better then battery d glasses . under minutes to charge . would recommend to anyone with d tv	positive	goggles
price	great sandal ! we love the fanning reef sandals . the bottle opener on the bottom comes in handy all the time .	positive	jug
price	received in the time frame expected , good quality and works great !	positive	adequacy
price	excellent adapter . as announced . wireless a b g and n . excellent range and speed of data transmission .	positive	gamut
price	bought one for myself , liked it so much i had to buy one for my dad for christmas . works great !	positive	get
price	i really love this series . it is an easy read but very engaging . great beach read and happy to read .	positive	plage
price	this product was a gift . arrived on time and in mint condition . great job ! thanks	positive	thank_you
price	setan and ronda's testimonies are truly touching evidence of living god . it's privileged to serve transform asia for next months .	positive	proof
price	great game . not too hard . great for beginners . now is the time to play this fun game with your aunts .	positive	newbie
price	this is the spanish staple turron . hard , crunchy and with lots of almonds . not as much candy which is perfect	positive	bonbon
price	actually it's really cute my breasts my a lil too large they run small ! but thank you . and love the items from you	positive	bosom
price	works great , i bought this . it came quickly and i am enjoying it .	positive	get
price	these are great cards for any one that is into zombies . will be used for initiative in hell on earth	positive	rummy
price	a true classic . one of the best and funniest movies ever made . i am so glad i own it !	positive	musical
price	i like this product . it was easy to install . just be careful where you install it if you have kids !	positive	preschooler
price	the guy that replaced my screen cause i dropped my ipad said this cover was the best on the market	positive	camouflage
price	i have really enjoyed the entire series so far . i cant wait to start reading the next book !	positive	sequence
price	awesome movie . love ron pearlman in this . if you watch this and like it your going love too . lol .	positive	documentary
price	this sturdy roller is great for doing cross fiber friction to reduce muscle scarring . it helps with trigger points also .	positive	rectus
price	product arrived on time and in good shape , although the outside box was damaged and oddly packed .	positive	roundness
price	terrificly crafted and painted pieces for a historical chess set . we couldn't be happier with the quality of this product	positive	adequacy
price	really great movie and i am so glad that they re released it . really worth watching , great , thanks for the re release	positive	thank_you
price	i wish there had been more of them . i have always preferred period pieces and these are always very good .	positive	era
price	i love these . sturdy , pretty and above all useful .	positive	crush
price	i like i had no problems with it	positive	wield
price	great book , had me laughing through each chapter .	positive	tome
price	makes perfect toast . worked the first time . looks great on my counter . i would recommend this to anyone . love it !	positive	checkout
price	i luv this game and i only had it for ten minuteswow wow wow luv it soooo much !	positive	cards
price	i love the pjs and so does my month old son . he was so happy to see it	positive	date
price	i love cooking with coconut oil and i believe that it helps my health skin and hair . i would recomend	positive	cuisine
price	looks fantastic ! great quality . very elaborate packaging to protect product quality . will recommend to other and will purchase again soon .	positive	adequacy
price	lol ! they do what they are designed to do and there is a nice assortment of sizes . a good value	positive	smallness
price	grat fit and s uacute per light . not good for running because they fall of your face but grat for any moment .	positive	time
price	i got this decorative wine glass for my sister for christmas . the glass if very cute and extremely good quality !	positive	plonk
price	the series is true to life and i love the acting ability of its stars . find out for yourself soon .	positive	sequence
price	great for side or back sleeping . very very comfortable . better than any pillow . wish i had discovered this years ago	positive	bolster
price	i love all of the story from the bible they help to give me a visual when reading the bible .	positive	folk_tale
price	the msde was received by due date in excellent condition !	positive	situation
price	the press is very durable . it has a nice heft to it and likely to last many many years .	positive	be
price	have always loved this song and it is exactly what i wanted . the delivery system is so easy through amazon .	positive	consignment
price	it works great ! nice to have the accurate time without having to set it .	positive	arrange
price	a must for any home owner . works on sugar ants too have not seen one since i treated the outside	positive	outdoors
price	a unique and fascinating story . very absorbing with lots of twists and turns and great characters .	positive	folk_tale
price	would have liked it to be a bit darker . o way to tell just how dark . the rest is fine .	positive	leftover
price	i have always enjoyed music by peter , paul mary and therefore i am enjoying this cd very much .	positive	tune
price	i ride just a little and it took a week of riding for my butt not to be sore .	positive	lift
price	this video game is not working with me because my system is working in pal so i couldn't use it .	negative	network
price	ordered purple but received brown . not very happy when opened gift for xmas not sure how to get right colornot happy	negative	donation
price	these batteries were for our outdoor rechargeable lights . they did not seem to hold a charge for very long , though .	negative	candlelight
price	did not make sense to me .	negative	exaggerate
price	this is an unbelievably poor product . smells like dish soap . get dish soap for . , don't spend on this .	negative	casserole
price	made me break out in hives .	negative	stop
price	too difficult to follow piece meal it was a joke to flip thru to try to piece the word phrases together	negative	dinner
price	the protective film on the plate left a sticky residue and the white paint turned pink within the first week .	negative	rose
price	this app totally sucks ! for the sake of your eyes , don't get it ! also the content , is disgusting ! omg ! nasty app !	negative	behalf
price	for me , it didn't work . not one little bit . i wasted my money . lesson learned . i'll stick to the tums .	negative	dinero
price	right bag , wrong color . didn't use the bag so i don't have much to say about the durability of it .	negative	sachet
price	the picture does not match the product shippedthe filtos are without the supportincomplete productproduct purchased and sent to colombia	negative	feature
price	this book killing me . writer talked so much but nothing useful . i would not recommend this book . its a waste .	negative	novelist
price	this is not the real youtube app . don't download it . when you open this on your device , nothing happens . frustrating .	negative	appliance
price	this has very little room not good for eggs which is what i bought it for not worth the money	negative	dinero
price	the package came in a plastic bag , no box and no cream attached only the brush and batteries .	negative	sachet
price	three netgear rangemax routers and all three died . the wnr t lasted the longest , months . avoid these dogs .	negative	doggie
price	i dont feel this unit gives enough warning in most cases togive confidence . i would not buy it again	negative	metric
price	wow , they're really up to . indicative of the current state of horrible thrill ride esque non movies that are all the rage .	negative	lift
price	it is exactly months to the day and i still haven't received this purchase yet .	negative	purchasing
price	a cheap caseyou get what you pay for .	negative	obtain
price	it doesn't cancel any noise what so ever	negative	creak
price	too difficult and kept finding ways to get me to make additional purchases to continue . a waste . deleted it .	negative	purchasing
price	message on phone screen is that charging is not supported with this accessory . so it is usless for my needs .	negative	handset
price	from the era of years ago it would of been ok , today . cheesy as hell . weak story , predictable plot .	negative	folk_tale
price	bought for my granddaughter , not too much time before extras needed to be bought to continue game . wasn't that interested .	negative	cards
price	i received two of the same item . i would like to return one but i don't know how .	negative	incidental
price	it would be good if they made one size fit all but they don't to big that's the only knock	negative	length
price	they were not true to form . i sent them back and ordered a smaller size but never recieved them .	negative	length
price	good brain excersize for the elderly who need mental stimulation through out the day . thank you from everyone over .	negative	tomorrow
price	does not work ith recent routers that are secure , sold by worldcom , you will loose ur money	negative	dinero
price	we don't need to see identification . these aren't the bunnies you're looking for . go about your business . move along . move along .	negative	firm
price	burnt out in first two hours of use . ryobi did send a replacement at no charge !	negative	supplanting
price	sticker wouldn't come off without wrinkling up , i tried and tried and ended up throwing it away . very disappointed .	negative	glochidium
price	every time i went to search for something it would close . wouldn't even let me go past the first screen .	negative	circulate
price	the book is not as useful as i thought . also , the models inside the book are not charming . money wasted .	negative	dinero
price	not at all the version of this song i wanted , slower and much lamer than the original , avoid , don't buy , save your money	negative	dinero
price	oh my ! we could not believe how outdated this movie seemed . sorry i bought it .	negative	documentary
price	not happy with it ! had it about a month and it's cracked from normal use . it has a design flaw !	negative	planning
price	nothing more than a poorly disguised porno . the massage info was minimal . i would not recommend this product to anyone .	negative	details
price	this movie never gained momentum and had the same dark humor then entire time . it was painful to watch .	negative	documentary
price	these trays are very difficult to remove cubes . i bought for the reviews that said easy removal . not what i wanted .	negative	deletion
price	when you squeeze it the bulb falls off . there is absolutely no suction created . it went straight in the garbage .	negative	squill
price	tried this radio out at work and my icom blows this out of the water literally on receive .	negative	pounding
price	it does look really nice , but i could make another spread with all the lint that comes off this thing !	negative	diffusion
price	peeled already really really cheap case but started peeling in less than five days . never will buy another one sorry	negative	get
price	this did not work from day one . a waste of money . the return policy make syou eat the cost .	negative	dinero
price	waste of money . i needed one so i grabbed one and it didn't last a week . so there it is .	negative	dinero
price	quality was bad . i sent it back . the other item i ordered from patty boutique was bad quality as well	negative	adequacy
price	the screen stick to phone and plastic hard to get off attracts alot of dust and dirt on the case .	negative	handset
quality	bought this to learn more about biodiesel . it was easy to understand and gave great ideas on how to implement .	positive	suggestion
quality	can't ever find real people to play , but now who needs real people lots of fun yada yada yada	positive	folks
quality	was looking for something quick and effective , this seems to be working , only on it a few weeks .	positive	shivah
quality	yr . old granddaughter loved the whole series . looking for more of cleary's books now . she's a delightful , engaging read .	positive	sequence
quality	great songwriting with a refreshing twist . tight harmony and exciting instrumentals . this song will live on as a bluegrass favorite .	positive	anthem
quality	i love this flash . you can set it and forget it . every thing will work as you set it .	positive	crush
quality	love it can watch it over , over , over and over again !	positive	observe
quality	enjoyed this book and am looking forward to the other books in the jim chapel series . great job david wellington .	positive	employment
quality	came as advertised , i use it daily !	positive	put
quality	it is nice awesome qualtiy . it is awesome one . it is good price . it really makes u warm . i highly recommand this	positive	assessment
quality	it tones , cleans , and moisturizes . it's gentle enough for sensitive skin , nough said ! def going to buy again and again .	positive	undertone
quality	i love the battery . works great ! keeps its charge and when you fully charge it it last for whole days !	positive	preserve
quality	product is as mentioned . my son loves the product . blue color looks great . the arm rest hugs the violin cleanly	positive	strad
quality	very pleased with the product , wish there was a cover for it . overall great for the money spent .	positive	dinero
quality	got me hooked ! had to read them all ! can't wait to see other books that she publishes . will definitely buy !	positive	textbook
quality	good size . i like how it keeps a ball of string from being an unraveled mess .	positive	length
quality	excellent product , matched my guess slippers perfect	positive	scuff
quality	my grandson really loved it ! . arrived in plenty of time for christmas . had a lot of fun putting it together hope stasiak	positive	flood
quality	thisa song is very intresteting . i bought it to try out something new and it was very wonderfully satisfing ok	positive	anthem
quality	nice little braclet the makes a good compliment to the necklace and earrings . great to wear with black outfits . inexpensive .	positive	choker
quality	good book for children . very interesting . great for all children , especially younger ones . it's just what children need to learn and understand !	positive	preschooler
quality	i like to keep a book app on my phone to have my own reader material . this fits the bill .	positive	handset
quality	lost the one that came with the car seat somehow this was an even better replacement .	positive	sedan
quality	good product . would buy again . makes my chainring stand out	positive	feature
quality	not what i expected , and would have been fine if i hadn't read all the books before seeing the movie .	positive	documentary
quality	extraordinary uses for ordinary things , ways to save money and timeisbn pub date type binding paperbackpublisher readers digest	positive	dinero
quality	very vert good . i was caught completely unaware by the ending . i will definitely read more by this author . suz	positive	novelist
quality	protects ipad and lets you pose the ipad up so you can watch it , worth it to protect your ipad	positive	observe
quality	randalli love solitare , it's . my favorite for my breaktime . solitaire is my favorite . i play everyday when i needbasi	positive	grand_guignol
quality	an different and sensitive treatment of the lgbt scene with a convoluted mystery of birth , adoptions and deaths followed up	positive	fatality
quality	incredibly easy to use , clean , reliable and effective . so far , delighted .	positive	put
quality	i no longer need to nag the kids to turn on the fan	positive	blower
quality	i was expecting crappy head phones but the headphones are great and have a great balance in bass and treble	positive	earplug
quality	these are the only black pants that you will need for your pregnancy and beyond !	positive	gravida
quality	good book if you like dogs . book was in great condition . good author , suspensful story . price was also very good .	positive	novelist
quality	perfect fit for my retriever and it really made walking with her easier , no more pulling ! would recommend for sure !	positive	stroll
quality	it is a new balance shoe . looks good , feels good , does what it's supposed to do . shoe is good shoe	positive	sneaker
quality	unlike your typical brake lubricants , this one goes on smooth and dries with a tacky feel . so far so good !	positive	motor_oil
quality	it arrived a lot faster than i though and it was exactly what was needed . the price was right too .	positive	assessment
quality	very warm slippers . only problem is i'm and they just fit me . other than that they are great .	positive	scuff
quality	great sandal ! we love the fanning reef sandals . the bottle opener on the bottom comes in handy all the time .	positive	jug
quality	keeps my kids from destroying my phone . tried other cases and they just do not compare in terms of value product .	positive	handset
quality	i loved this book it kept my interest so much so that i bought the next three books ! highly recommended !	positive	textbook
quality	very good story line and good characters . no profanity to ruin the story . challenges of life , both good and bad .	positive	row
quality	met expectations . it saved me a lot of money . i would buy again . good place to purchase school books anytime	positive	dinero
quality	works like original parts . charge time is ok . use it everyday for more than a month , noting wrong was found .	positive	date
quality	i'm rocking out right now with this cable . i have a core mac pro and a ipod hifi . sounds wonderful !	positive	cadre
quality	i use this everyday to just browse . i love crafts and am a fit type person . lots of cool stuff .	positive	handicraft
quality	it worked in our hp printer without the usually failure of the software to recognize it	positive	program
quality	this jacket its a classic work jacket , makes for a good shop jacket . unlined though , so no insulation . very thin .	positive	boutique
quality	i bought this product after reading good reviews , but i felt it didn't do much for my skis .	negative	water_ski
quality	i've been using this product for several weeks now , i have more pimple than before . i don't recomment this product .	negative	feature
quality	the handle is not right i need a new onw	negative	be
quality	it is way to hard to get off i hate it really sucks dont buy it please dont buy it	negative	song
quality	it might be ok for windows but it didn't load on my macbook without significant problems .	negative	millstone
quality	didn't read close enough , this is not by garth	negative	be
quality	this is not a hyperdunk it is a scam i have seen those shoes at marshalls those ar hyper venoms !	negative	kokoi_venom
quality	this was not compatible with the microsoft download that allows connection of the wireless xbox controller . did not work .	negative	linkage
quality	this book was such a close copy to the orginal book , even the names were only slightly changed . no imagination	negative	fantasy
quality	just received pants . not item pictured . they are light blue with white strips down the sides . no pockets at all .	negative	cerulean
quality	they did not work on my small tv samsung flat screen but they worked on the big flat screen sanyo	negative	cable
quality	split apart on first use .	negative	subdivide
quality	the stories are poorly written , they are out dated , you need better reporting . you can't just copy other peoples stories .	negative	folk_tale
quality	too much unnecessary profanity . i could not allow my children , who love the justice league , to enjoy it with me .	negative	preschooler
quality	it is pretty . but broke in about days . it is metal . no protection for your phone . i wouldn't buy this . o	negative	handset
quality	great movie . unfortunately , you have to flip over the dvd half way through the film . lame !	negative	documentary
quality	dont buy it . the basketball is shaped like an egg . it does not serve the purpose it was supposed to	negative	roe
quality	this case didn't even fit my phone it was so big i put one star cause i had to	negative	handset
quality	i didn't like it . the way it ended left me cold .	negative	culminate
quality	i got the product for which expiry date already finished . its an expired product . cheaters . waste of money . cheaters . i hate it .	negative	dinero
quality	it broke after three months . does not light anymore . it started to flicker then stopped altogether .	negative	date
quality	this game is complicated . problem is . their are no instructions . a real piece of crap ! do not purchase this game ! waste of money !	negative	dinero
quality	looked interesting . lost interest really fast when it got more difficult . would not recomendfor someone with little or more patience	negative	glance
quality	took forever to get here . when i got it the colors on the case was faded off on some parts	negative	ensign
quality	very old not of my speed thanks blurry at times scenery was double vision not a sharp movie to watch .	negative	thank_you
quality	don't like it . all the rhinestones keep falling off . looks raggedy . not good to me . never should've brought this phone card never again	negative	handset
quality	looked nothing like the picture and too small . fits too tight around the waist , i wish i never bought them .	negative	graphic
quality	very cheaply made i don't like it at all . plastic but thin and i would not purchase another like it	negative	get
quality	just didn't care for this particular scent . lotion is great tho .	negative	incense
quality	this does not work well . it compresses the cake rather than coring the cake .	negative	tablet
quality	when i got the cartridges i installed them and they were both dried out . didn't work in the printer at all .	negative	cartouche
quality	lacking . not sure how this can help real teachers . not much substance to help teachers at all . disappointed with this purchase .	negative	purchasing
quality	super small , its cute and the mesh closing on the top is nice but its super small and cheap feeling .	negative	sentiment
quality	i put the cd in , click on a flag , and then a pop up comes saying insert the disc wtf	negative	tricolour
quality	doesn't provide enough power to use anything . misrepresents itself . writing eleven more words because it says i have to . duh .	negative	puissance
quality	these projects don't really interest me . the pure vanilla extract seems interesting . i might try some but i don't know .	negative	assignment
quality	piece of garbage don't waste your money . it works when it wants to and then doesn't work all	negative	dinero
quality	because the battery died minutes after it was fully charged . i think it should be replaced w a new battery .	negative	hansard
quality	i disliked this product it did not turn on with new batteries not even minutes after i got it	negative	feature
quality	battery doesn't last that long only min and battery died . .	negative	drown
quality	. still unable to get the remote to work .	negative	obtain
quality	the ending is horrible . there should have been some forewarning that this is merely an installment . sorry i read it .	negative	be
quality	it doesnt function correctlypics do not look as nice as i thought they woodpurchased by mistake and it sucks	negative	operator
quality	don't know how this game is because it doesn't work . putting off going through the hassle of shipping it back .	negative	cards
quality	cleaving by julie powell should not have been published . no real story exists , just blog , blog , blog .	negative	folk_tale
quality	i found a substitute for this that costs much less and does just as good a job . cancelled my subscription .	negative	employment
quality	order was defective . company won't fix . feet mar countertop because plastic protectors are missing . emails and phone calls useless . avoid .	negative	call-in
quality	i expected the history of corn , but most of the book is how indians used corn . it got old quick .	negative	chickasaw
quality	you'll roll back your city each day you play ! they torn off a lot of the specs , server down every time ! ?	negative	tomorrow
quality	this really suks , are all you people smoking too much dope ?	negative	folks
money	i am so happy with this product . it's the only thing that helps me sleep . thank you very very much	positive	feature
money	great book ! really interesting and useful ! even people who aren't runners could learn a lot ! i would recommend this book .	positive	folks
money	it was exactly as picture showed , i love it !	positive	graphic
money	i have used this product for years . this was the best price i could find . the company will ship quickly	positive	feature
money	this little known song , sung by the superb placido , is my number one favorite christmas song . give it a try !	positive	anthem
money	good reading but too much to take at one time great for snuggling under the covers with lots of pillows .	positive	perusal
money	i always liked reading sidney sheldon's books . i had a hard time putting the book down . it was great reading .	positive	perusal
money	shirt is really cute but runs small . a womens medium would fit anyone that is a size or smaller .	positive	tank_top
money	keeps you on the edge of your seat . couldn't put it down . can't wait to read the last of the series .	positive	sequence
money	i really love his voice and style . this song is a perfect addition to my ipod library . love amazon's downloads .	positive	anthem
money	the yorkie is so so cute . valentine's gift for my daughter . she loves it . the ribbons are adorable . she's very happy .	positive	donation
money	had to use googleearth to keep up with all his travels . enjoyed this approach and actually learned a few things .	positive	journeying
money	this is a nice size it's large , it looks nice , cleans up nice too , cooks evenly . i really like it	positive	chef
money	a beautifull box full of her remarkable quotes ! great fun	positive	carton
money	i am enjoying these beautiful decorative matches very much . not only the box is attractive , so are the matches themselves .	positive	carton
money	the product performed excellently in non gluten baked goods . it kept the products from crumbling and gave them an excellent texture .	positive	smoothness
money	i love this book ! i could not even put it down ! i will buy any book sarah palin writes or endorses !	positive	tome
money	i was considering selling my s w until i tried this grip . i will never sell it now . it's great	positive	embrace
money	i love cookbooks , love to try new recipes . especially breads and muffins . what else can i say , greatbook to have	positive	flatbread
money	what a great book . easy to read , easy to understand . would recommend to anyone who is raising a little boy .	positive	lad
money	my previous probe burned up in a gas grill grease fire . i got this replacement quickly and it works great .	positive	conflagration
money	i enjoyed the characters and the story line . i would recommend this book to readers who like history and romance .	positive	row
money	great book brand new too came like the next day yehhhhighly satisfied and yeah it's good	positive	label
money	this seems to work fine . i've been able to connect to the two devices i bought it for . word . word .	positive	term
money	the product is good , service is excellant , i get this for my son's i pod touch , he is very happy with it . thanks amazon .	positive	thank_you
money	this book just shows what to do and doesn't waste time with extras . the book got me what i needed .	positive	tome
money	i am excited to complete my halloween costume with this pretty necklace ! and excited to see the hobbit in theaters	positive	cinema
money	clever , thrilling and nicely staffed and decorated . i liked it .	positive	redecorate
money	once again , steve hall has outdone himself with the beauty of the music on this cd ! just wonderful !	positive	concourse
money	they're awesome ! i'm a size and they fit pretty good for a size . . i love them ! pretty cool	positive	length
money	this book was as described and worked for class . better than buying new from the school book store !	positive	boutique
money	works great , it does what its supposed to . also matches really well with my gear that is flat dark earth	positive	pinion
money	thought it was pretty funny in some chapters not as detailed as most of her books although entertaining well written	positive	textbook
money	individual sizes were enough to satisfy my dessert craving . wish i could have given a box as a gift . tasty !	positive	flan
money	this is one of the most beautiful pair of earrings that i've ever had . they are small though , just incase .	positive	pack
money	easy to use and gives you good design control . the different colors work with a bunch of different nail polishes .	positive	authority
money	as was offered and very good price , very good quality and seems to be like the original . without any claim .	positive	adequacy
money	this is the best product that i've found yet for perimeter spraying to prevent unwanted bug incursions into my house .	positive	mansion
money	very good app . im so happy to be able to track my work .	positive	job
money	awesome shirt . the design is a lot bigger than expected	positive	tank_top
money	i like the watch , nice looking , dressy , elegant . reliable .	positive	hunter
money	this lights up my hallway , everyone comments about it . a great buy , i would recommend this product . it looks expensive .	positive	candlelight
money	i love it ! i really like it and keep using it . just buy it and you will never regret	positive	misuse
money	this is a great item , it wasn't exactly what i was looking for , but it is a great value .	positive	incidental
money	disney is in a special class . she sets up credible people and places and shows their interaction to startling effect .	positive	folks
money	i like it very much . it's so cool and fantastic . the white color is more beautiful i think . ha ha	positive	shade
money	i love this ruler , its's so easy to work with . it's a great tool for drawing and for my caligraphy proyects .	positive	dictator
money	like the longer length and fabric tip . tried many others , but none work as efficiently as this stylus . good job !	positive	employment
money	the years have been kind to this disk , the melodies are timeless .	positive	leitmotif
money	used them to build a field expedient antenna for arrl field day . worked great .	positive	tomorrow
money	a poor quality clone . works for off car diorama etc . would look awful on your porsche .	negative	sedan
money	i'm very disappointed in microsoft . this version of streets trips gives wrong street address locations latitude , longitude positioning .	negative	rue
money	it's basically a shirt , how could u sell it as a dress ? bad bad business ! this is false advertising .	negative	gown
money	not terrible , but not that exciting either . seemed like a young adult novel at times . but it passed the time .	negative	contemporary_world
money	this new battery didn't perform much better than the year old battery it replaced .	negative	annum
money	it is too long and have to much vibration the phone is dificult to read when is in the mount	negative	handset
money	did not like main female charactor so much so i could not finish book . would not recommend this to anyone .	negative	tome
money	the other casino game is more interesting and has more action . this is not a exciting as the other game .	negative	swordplay
money	tacks for ever to lode . it is hard and not vere cool to seethe dinosaur . they don't move allot . such anemashenthe end	negative	diplodocus
money	not at all what i wanted to see in a weather app . just couldnt get it to show like i wanted .	negative	warming
money	joined for one year and found that google keep is free . tried google keep and decided free is better .	negative	be
money	i followed directions . nevertheless , this item adhered to the wall for only a few showers . duck tape would work better .	negative	mallard
money	i could have used a plastic bag . does not work well at all . does not secure like it supposed too .	negative	sachet
money	i didn't like it doesn't fit my phone good i'm so unhappy with it	negative	handset
money	this kinda was not that great why does everyone think john green is so great hes kinda ok i guess	negative	chartreuse
money	great for halloween prop awful if actually wanna use it . i was starbuck from battlestar galactica for halloween	negative	be
money	these sheets are not at all soft and have a very strong chemical smell ! i sent them back !	negative	reactant
money	this product works well for a beard gloss but does not provide much hold for wild hairs !	negative	goatee
money	not a good book . we thought it was funny but it really is not ! do not recommend to anyone	negative	tome
money	yeah i thought this was a pack but its on cap i paid bucks for one cap don't buy	negative	mortarboard
money	not very inspiring or real feeling to me . don't know what else you want me to say , uninspired is it .	negative	sentiment
money	i gave both as gifts . cute but interfered with setting the lens . needed to sit on the side of lens .	negative	eyepiece
money	did not work on my new kindle . tried the trouble shoot advise . still didn't work . so will not use , will try another some time	negative	tiller
money	cheaply made , already broke . i should spent more next time and buy something better . i ve got what i paid for !	negative	get
money	i was going to use the product for ipsc matches . but frame was broken on the third day of competition .	negative	tomorrow
money	i think it will have rolls , not roll , good quality but the name of the product causes confucion	negative	appellation
money	this dress is not sized correctly and looks very cheaply made very unhappy with the quality of this dress purchase	negative	purchasing
money	my dog is quite high strung and i thought this would help him though i saw no difference in his behavior .	negative	distinction
money	this order was charged to my account , never shipped , then cancelled and credited to my account . all very odd .	negative	biography
money	the blender is more of a smoothie maker . it broke after uses . will not buy from this brand again .	negative	manufacturer
money	looks cheaply made , not what i thought it would be , screwdrivers are a joke	negative	flat_tip_screwdriver
money	the author is getting lazy . would like more serious content , maybe a little history or based on a true story .	negative	novelist
money	my whole room is covered in dust from this litter . it never used to be like this . it is bad !	negative	fallout
money	awful movie . only could take the first min . i usually enjoy bad movies , but this was one of the worse . end	negative	documentary
money	bought this because i like the singer . unfortunately , it's just too standard country for me . nothing stood out .	negative	rapper
money	this tower is cheap and not worth the price . it leans to the side with and without cupcakes on it .	negative	spire
money	was not worth the cost of the book . it appears like someone simply copied and pasted the works of others .	negative	expense
money	i haven't received the first issue yet . it looks ok from the cover but thats all i can say now .	negative	camouflage
money	i've used it for one week and disrupted . . . . . . . . . . . .	negative	rag
money	this is expensive garbage . it made me feel sick caused other personal illness .	negative	disease
money	good for an emergency poor quality control on nut and head sizes , not recommended unless you like lots of frustration	negative	smallness
money	it is hard to control the ball and the other paddle always does random crazy unfair swings ! horrid !	negative	bowl
money	doesn't provide enough power to use anything . misrepresents itself . writing eleven more words because it says i have to . duh .	negative	puissance
money	horrible interface . ultimately not user friendly and unresponsive . one of the worst match three games i have tried to play .	negative	wearer
money	very thin material . product is adorable but i dont feel safe wearing it . it feels like it will fall apart anytime	negative	feature
money	this should get no star because it doesn't work ! i had to return it	negative	supernova
money	after only a few uses does not work already . who makes a bullet that lasts ?	negative	dumdum
money	it is not instant at all , i'm waiting for it and its been an hour . bad service ! disappointed alot , .	negative	utility
money	way too technical . i couldn't even get through it . found it boring , not interesting .	negative	obtain
money	case is made nice but for a larger camera they shouldnt package it with the kodak mini way to big !	negative	wisp
game	this is a standard backdrop and it does the job quite well . try not to get too close to it .	positive	employment
game	great product and easy to use with any type of soap that you like to use in the shower daily .	positive	feature
game	it is good item to keep life from getting in the way of destroying a expensive piece of technology . bulky	positive	incidental
game	i enjoyed every page of this story . strong characters , the glimer of hope that grows into bright sunshine .	positive	folk_tale
game	great set of the classic scooby doo series . my grandson really enjoys the episodes ! his dad enjoys watching them too !	positive	sequence
game	was only familiar with hey ho , but after listening to the entire album i fell in love definitely a great download !	positive	crush
game	loved this book was smart , sassy , hot , great read . this was a good book with great story along with hot fun	positive	folk_tale
game	the best product on the market ! i have tried a few other products this is the best one to date !	positive	birthday
game	don't know how it feels but my wife says it is the greatest and it looks good on her . buy	positive	missus
game	very creepy and vivid imagery ! definitely a great read that will keep your fear on edge ! must read it now !	positive	envisioning
game	just found it hard to fiqure out the time thing with sync but did eventually get it , i love it	positive	phase
game	good deal and it works great on my phone !	positive	handset
game	this is soo amazing ! it works soo well and holds a pretty good charge ! it's a very good product . !	positive	feature
game	very nice stone chip necklaces . they make great stocking stuffers at less than . even a good purchase for crafts .	positive	purchasing
game	i used it on vacation with my iphone for navigation . now i use it at home and it works great .	positive	honeymoon
game	tamilee is one of the best ! this is an awesome abb workout with lots of short workouts to choose from .	positive	calisthenics
game	i love the song n the movie . r . i . p . paul prayers to his family n friends . god bless all his family !	positive	documentary
game	a neat little reference book that is far superior to the camera manual . comprehensive and explicit .	positive	allusion
game	i love the small office size calendars that you can put on your desk at work . it not built cheap	positive	length
game	i think that it is a well put together book . the movie enemy at the gates is remarkably similar though .	positive	documentary
game	i gave this to my son for christmas and he was very very happy . he loved the series . great deal .	positive	sequence
game	cheap price , decent shipping , and i've been using it for about a month now . works with creative zen gb player	positive	footballer
game	show support for this company . outstanding . graphics look amazing and a lot of favorite songs are in the app . perfect .	positive	subsidiary
game	we bought this for our yr old for an alarm . it hasgreat sound and easy to program .	positive	agenda
game	almost has good as frist more place to fight war weapon are better .	positive	gun
game	great little sweeper so convenient , light weight and handy for those quick clean ups would give it stars if i could	positive	poundage
game	once you start you won't be able to put it down ! another great one by cassandra clare ! a a a	positive	enclose
game	i wish i could order more of the same , for my family . good item for the price . very happy with it .	positive	incidental
game	this book is a must for any architect or lover of classical architecture . it is beautifully illustrated and well written .	positive	tome
game	this is a fun book not a learning book . super cute and fun to read . tongue twister reading is fun	positive	perusal
game	lots of relevant issues , we hope this series keeps going and going . love loren graham and all acting is excellent .	positive	portrayal
game	this is a must have for all who live in the south . good clean fun that all will enjoy .	positive	alabama
game	these are perfect ! just the right size , i love them ! the lids screw on tight . i would buy them again .	positive	length
game	this coffee is awesome and the fact that is has more antioxidants than most green tea is great .	positive	cuppa
game	this is a book that should be read by every tax payer in america regardless of the political party affiliation .	positive	tome
game	this app was very user friendly even for my year old grandaughter . loved it greatly and so does she .	positive	wearer
game	great stuff , very light . excellent sunglasses .	positive	dust
game	my grandson loves sesame street so i thought i'd buy this for him for christmas . he's going to love it .	positive	rue
game	husband grills out almost every weekend and this thermometer works well with chicken or ribs and he likes it .	positive	hen
game	delightful story , excellent acting , wonderful photography , good character development , it was a joy to watch , sorry it stopped after four seasons	positive	elaboration
game	suits is a constantly changing , credible , adaptable and captivating show . i hope this show continues for many years to come .	positive	pinstripe
game	one of his best ever ! absolutely mystical and soul stirring !	positive	ghost
game	these are heavy weight and the color is exactly as pictured . the tabs hold up better than the cheap manila ones	positive	poundage
game	i really enjoyed this e book . sandra panting is new to me but i will look for more of her selections .	positive	tome
game	this old marine vietnam vet loved it . don't let anyone tell you this isn't entertaining . thanks . god bless you all !	positive	thank_you
game	hung on my wall had to push couch back picture so good sounds good was easy to set up	positive	divan
game	lyon's bride the chattan cursecathy maxwellnice , i like theses series of the chattan cursewell written . thanks	positive	thank_you
game	kaufman fabrics are a high quality fabric manufacturer . the kona cottons by kaufman are one of basics for the quilter .	positive	carmaker
game	this was a perfect match . thanks so much . for being an older light fixture it is perfectmatchglad i found you	positive	thank_you
game	i ordered this but this product didn't work at all . i never expect that this product will not work . regards , gagan	negative	feature
game	i ordered these expecting that they would fit as other bali bras i had previously purchased and they did not .	negative	command
game	the write up hype about the book was better than the book , which was disjointed and confusing and somewhat dark .	negative	tome
game	nothing stood out . whatever . greatest movie of all time it is not .	negative	documentary
game	i thought this book would be entertaining , but turned out to be a big disappointment . boring . never finished reading it .	negative	tome
game	still no luck regulating or conceiving . just hoping for the best . the taste to the tea ia strong , but tolerable .	negative	cuppa
game	i had two of these both died in less than a month , i did not even use the cables everyday .	negative	date
game	one of the poorest cordless phones i have ever owned ! no no no no no no no no no no !	negative	handset
game	so much for instant been waiting and it just says pending and no way to cancel order ruined my night	negative	wreck
game	a little cheap in the print . but pretty cool . i love david bowie so i geeked out over this . recommended .	negative	crush
game	have not seen any difference with my hair except for drying it out . i would not order it again , sorry .	negative	distinction
game	did not work as advertised . we are in the process of returning it . very disappointed . and very boring to use .	negative	routine
game	nothing more than a poorly disguised porno . the massage info was minimal . i would not recommend this product to anyone .	negative	details
game	did not work all it would do is turn on nothing else . i could not update nothing ! do not buy	negative	be
game	my dock station broke into several pieces after two weeks of use . it would be best to purchase another brand	negative	label
game	box had been opened before . metal parts thrown in . some covered , most not . very dirty parts . disappointed .	negative	carton
game	battery died within one month of owning the toothbrush . otherwise it was a good toothbrush . my daughter enjoyed the music .	negative	tune
game	didnt like the book . it did not feel relatable to the average woman . i didnt even end up finishing the book .	negative	lady
game	can't get any results i really expect to have	negative	response
game	i didn't work and i asked for advice for a better product that would actually work and didn't get any	negative	feature
game	the little stones are foling off is almost ruin n is not even a month wearing it very sad	negative	pebble
game	not what i expected taste like regular coffee with just a hint of mocha . i expected a more mocha flavor .	negative	espresso
game	very poor quality , will avoid this brand in the future . i guess you get what you pay for . poor choice .	negative	label
game	i received two of the same item . i would like to return one but i don't know how .	negative	incidental
game	chasing the quickie kindle mess that even amazon requires me to add more words to , waste of time	negative	garbage
game	my sons remote only has two bottons . i did try to install the electronics but it did not fit . failed	negative	jr
game	i got it and the bag was ripped and powder was everywhere and they are not replacing it , don't buy !	negative	sachet
game	when it came in the mail it was missing some rhinestones and it had ready faded it had turnedyellow	negative	express
game	litter still got tracked everywhere ! do not recommend ! it is very stiff and resembles astro terf . not attractive or effective .	negative	be
game	have purchased two products from this seller . both were defective .	negative	dealer
game	cheap material broke after one simply drop , would not recommend for anyone to buy this product not worth the money .	negative	dinero
game	it doesn't play in dvd playerit will might play only in pcsstay away stay away stay away stay away please	negative	keep
game	jeway too ornate for my taste . my granddaughter will use them for halloween . i probably won't order jewelry online again .	negative	necklace
game	it appears you have to buy the puzzles before you can play . i've tried finding free ones but gave up .	negative	sudoku
game	i didn't get all the parts neccesary to use this product , sorry can't help you yet	negative	feature
game	i bought it as a gift and had to send it back . it was not what he was looking for .	negative	donation
game	the case doesn't stay together . if you're holding the phone with one hand it can easily come apart and fall .	negative	handset
game	the sleeves for a xl shirt are given as inches . this completely wrong . they are more like inches .	negative	tank_top
game	if you shake pen with cap off the ink will go everywhere . the coverage is not easy and not good .	negative	ballpoint
game	the size of the lines , etc . are too large and not enough of a challenge . keeps you busy for awhile	negative	length
game	broke the first day i got it . i found one cheaper price at icing , so really dissapointed with this item .	negative	tomorrow
game	they do not stack like other snap warework well but store poorlyi dont have any thing else to say	negative	boutique
game	its a nice machine , but dosent do what i needed . i returned this item and was given a quick credit	negative	computer
game	not at all the version of this song i wanted , slower and much lamer than the original , avoid , don't buy , save your money	negative	dinero
game	broke after months . the cable length was nice . wish it didn't break . find some other option instead of this .	negative	circumference
game	did not make a lot of sense , some funny lines but not enough to story line	negative	row
game	it did not work for me , i did not lose any weight at all , i would not buy it again	negative	poundage
game	when i clicked on the song someone to watch over me , i got release me . watch what you purchase it .	negative	anthem
game	arrived damaged , but it was also tiny . could barely fit a lunch in there .	negative	be
game	i usually fit into a . narrow , and this was much too wide . it did not feel like a narrow .	negative	be
story	great pens with stylus . very fast shipping . i even ordered another set to send to my daughter in the us navy .	positive	ballpoint
story	a great read . chosen by my book club . i read it in two days ! it was hard to put down	positive	tome
story	each cloth is individually packaged . easy to throw in a camera bag , purse , etc . they are a very nice quality .	positive	chiffon
story	phillips cable is pretty bad , always have issue with the original , this cable perfect , plug it , worked fine . very good	positive	quodlibet
story	this book was very helpful and an easy read . i read it in one evening without pulling my hair out .	positive	coiffure
story	not many air compressors will do this , great product , i think it will work great for any project . go work	positive	breath
story	i love this book ! i could not even put it down ! i will buy any book sarah palin writes or endorses !	positive	tome
story	i enjoyed books and . is there a available ? need more info on the budding movie stars . thanks	positive	thank_you
story	i got these to replace vp versapak , amazon had the best price and deliverywas fast .	positive	assessment
story	excellent for how it is ! great for the bathroom ! save me so much space and it look so fashion in our bathroom !	positive	lifestyle
story	great support was a little tight to begin with but is wearing in nicely . i would recommend it to anyone !	positive	sustainment
story	i looked at some of these dvd cant not wait to look at the rest	positive	leftover
story	for small dog it is the best . crossbody it is not heavy and is comfortable to running around the city .	positive	puppy
story	interesting account of the some of the people on all four sides , both before and during ww ii in europe .	positive	folks
story	very nice look and great features	positive	aspect
story	i think it's pretty good . sturdy strong . hope it has a long life can protect my ipad mini .	positive	ghetto
story	good infuser . works as designed . i wish the screen was a little finer but works for larger loose leaf teas .	positive	cuppa
story	makes you really dig deep into your past , present , and future , while all under the notion of who you are .	positive	bygone
story	book is in excellent condition . hard to believe it is used . quick , reliable would use this vendor again .	positive	dealer
story	i had bought a kc shirt before . as always , if the price is gd , they are great buy . very comfortable .	positive	tank_top
story	sturdy , colorful , cute . great for little hands and no pages to tear during quiet reading times . great for a gift .	positive	perusal
story	this headset provides clear sound quality and is easy to use . volume controls an off switch are on right eaepiece .	positive	toggle
story	what an awesome book to be used to build your faith in god	positive	tome
story	nickle plated was great . i couldn r put it down . i hope to read more of nickle s advertures in the future .	positive	tomorrow
story	clark's shoes are quality and comfort with style . no breaking in is ever needed . this is a very good buy .	positive	adequacy
story	this device works exactly as it was promoted . i recommend this adapter .	positive	appliance
story	simple but effective tool . one of those things that makes you say why didn't i think of this ? works well	positive	drill
story	absolutely love it . very well constructed for the price . super comfortable ! plan on ordering another .	positive	scheme
story	great quality and good price .	positive	adequacy
story	i order the book and it came on time , it was usefull and was in workable condition .	positive	tome
story	use at work and love it ! when my first one broke i had to get another . it works great ! thanks !	positive	thank_you
story	came fast , in package , made a great present for my brothers girlfriend , will be dealing with you in the future	positive	half_brother
story	hard to find batteries for my high intensity flashlight . these last longer than most . alternatively get rechargeable ones to use .	positive	candlepower
story	don't know how it feels but my wife says it is the greatest and it looks good on her . buy	positive	missus
story	a good expansion for a great game .	positive	dilatation
story	beautiful bag . i mean just gorgeous . not too heavy either .	positive	sachet
story	i used this spatula frequently and it always does a great job on the cakes that i bake . great product .	positive	employment
story	pros shipped immediately ! bought this as a birthday present and i was not disappointed great quality slim packaging , convenientcons none !	positive	adequacy
story	this is our first zac brown and am thouroghly enjoying . this is the best . we love every song on this cd .	positive	anthem
story	these tongs are the perfect size and are easy to handle . a great addition to the kitchen !	positive	galley
story	so it staples like one expects . not much more to add . staff member happy so therefore , i am too	positive	office
story	it is a very moving picture i really . enjoyed watching it . i love watching all his movies and plays .	positive	musical
story	i was considering selling my s w until i tried this grip . i will never sell it now . it's great	positive	embrace
story	the quality of the main characters' performances was top notch . i would watch this more than once , really . i would	positive	adequacy
story	exactly what i expected ! great tunes and love the live vibe ! three cd set has a great selection of songs .	positive	decision
story	my grandson loves this cute monkey hat and he says he loves the way it keeps his ears warm too .	positive	bonnet
story	these were exactly what i thought they were going to be and super cute ! i highly recommend getting a pair .	positive	tweedledee_and_tweedledum
story	i love karin slaughter ! her books are awesome ! i sure enjoyed the book ! it was short , but a great read !	positive	textbook
story	once i got a replacement for the inoperable compass on the first staff , it worked perfect . a hiking necessity .	positive	supplanting
story	really looked forward to playing this but no amount of double tapping makes a puzzle piece rotate . very very disappointed .	negative	contribution
story	its a picture of a bib but it is a hat s its too cheap to return or i would've	negative	bonnet
story	cheaply made had tons of trouble with it from the start . especially when using it with my phones . disappointing	negative	onset
story	pretty much the same subject as , but definitely not as good as one of his other books sign of her heart	negative	textbook
story	i thought this book would be entertaining , but turned out to be a big disappointment . boring . never finished reading it .	negative	tome
story	tent ploe broke and tent ripped on first set up . on hold with customer service for hours	negative	guest
story	it did not have the proper parts to assemble the launcher .	negative	bazooka
story	it's not as i though it will be , i like to return it if i can how can i return it ?	negative	revisit
story	too fast for my taste but fun . i wouldn't recommend it to someone like me who can barely keep up .	negative	flavor
story	the bulbs that work are just fine , however of the bulbs did not work fresh from the package .	negative	shallot
story	battery does not hold a charge ! was no better that the battery that i was replacing . i should have returned it	negative	be
story	quality was bad . i sent it back . the other item i ordered from patty boutique was bad quality as well	negative	adequacy
story	wanted more . just covers the very basic principals . i want to know more than just how to cut a mitered joint .	negative	hock
story	same thing happened to me ordered nighttime but they are not as advertised ! returned them , very frustrated ! please fix description	negative	specification
story	nothing . just one cd . no book , no userguide . for a foreigner like me . its . completely useless	negative	tome
story	lasted only a month . tight fit but ripped easily . not sweat proof either . now i have to get something else .	negative	verification
story	says x x , not even ! more like . x x . . not worth sending back !	negative	mention
story	thanks to this book , i am now dumber than i was before i read it . it was just awful . ugh .	negative	thank_you
story	it did not work as i thought it would it would not locate epub files on my kindle at all .	negative	mug_file
story	didn't like it at all . the graphics was not appealing and it was not what i thought it would be .	negative	drawing
story	does not work at least as advertised . may not be even worth the one star .	negative	supernova
story	hooked up this product yesterday , turned on the pump on low and large whole was on the side of it .	negative	feature
story	i really liked the appearance of these boots , but they were way too narrow . very uncomfortable . they will be going back .	negative	beauty
story	it only works for few cycles . do not waste your money .	negative	dinero
story	every time i touched the screen i got an error message and the game turned off ! don't waste your time .	negative	mail
story	expensive bulky product that did not work with my mac , no matter what i tried . much better scanners out there .	negative	feature
story	this game would not open . never got a chance to play it . don't buy the game . it doesn't work at all .	negative	occasion
story	most confusing book i have recently read . too many characters and unrealistic plot . not up to box , s standard .	negative	carton
story	the rope is cheap , the instructions are not clear , and the needed head room was never indicated in the ad .	negative	cordage
story	i purchase this product in june of last year and it broke after eight months . i would not recomment it .	negative	purchasing
story	nothing but a plastic pot . no instructions , no added anything to make it a self watering pot .	negative	kettle
story	the phone sounds is low . speaker phone sounds distorted . volume level low gary b renner as submitted by me myself	negative	handset
story	the latch broke after uses junk junk junk just like everyone else's . i wouldn't recommend it . don't buy beware .	negative	song
story	did not like it , took to long for ice cream to make after carefully following instructions . will try another brand	negative	label
story	fine in clear water read swimming pool . clarity of camera is disappointing . forget it in bright sunlight . expensive toy , would not recommend .	negative	natation
story	my son loved this toy for the approximately days that it worked . was a big disappointment .	negative	doll
story	i have read better ! it is wordy and actually not spicy at all considering the title . give it try yourself .	negative	be
story	pictures are deceiving . very very small . impossible to store ties or socks . don't waste your money	negative	dinero
story	wanted a crossword puzzle for a yr . old and this one was not it . did not seem to challenge her .	negative	annum
story	it doesn't stay firm even overnight . the motor burned out after a while . i bought a coleman . . . .	negative	engine
story	i really didn't enjoy the movie . just didn't seem like it was a believable move for me . could be wrong !	negative	documentary
story	waste of cents . really , you sold this ! what a joke . sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks	negative	garbage
story	this did not appeal to us at all . it looked to be low budget and poor acting . would not recommend .	negative	portrayal
story	it is very flimsy . i am still looking for one i can use . but it does fit the tablet well .	negative	slate
story	i only watched about minutes of this one . i couldn't understand what the actors were saying most of time .	negative	actress
story	this things is not new and clearly low quality . it seems used and damaged . i dont recommend it at all .	negative	adequacy
story	wow . this was gross . who sleeps with creatures in the woods ? the author has some serious issues to work through	negative	novelist
story	the product was too small for me , but i can send it back because i am out of the country	negative	feature
story	was about a cm to small length wise , when installed it just didn't seat right . i would look somewhere else	negative	circumference
story	one can never get anywhere without spending money . goals are impossible without buying energy . poor free game	negative	dinero
movie	good deal and it works great on my phone !	positive	handset
movie	i can't wait to watch the next episode , and the next , and the next . i have found my new binge show !	positive	chapter
movie	this is a great book filled with life's lessons . i can't wait to read the rest of his wonderful journey !	positive	voyage
movie	shipped fast for my son at christmas . he loves them . warm and memory foam sole make them comfortable .	positive	reminiscence
movie	good for opening packages from amazon . you can look cool doing it too . sharp in both meanings of the word .	positive	term
movie	good belt for the price . i wear size pants and i got a size fits well . thank you	positive	length
movie	very strong scent and nicely bottled . worked well for the natural insect repellent i made at home .	positive	beetle
movie	sits nice and high very good .	positive	lounge
movie	works ok , gave it to a girlfriend because they are more comfortible than the apple headset	positive	be
movie	like the producthappy with ityes i would recommend it . neck less arrived in perfect condition to the house .	positive	mansion
movie	great book had its ups and down . it was just really short , left me wanting more lol	positive	tome
movie	just brings back old , old memories ! we had a christmas tree like that one year because of finances back then .	positive	recollection
movie	after accidentally leaving our camera at a vacation condo , this is a perfect replacement at a reasonable cost . thanks amazon !	positive	thank_you
movie	very nice everything works well specimen looks very clear would recommend handy carrying case structure was durable no complaints .	positive	edifice
movie	oooooo great , it as been a couple of years since i have been lindt lindor truffles plan on justing some	positive	same-sex_marriage
movie	comfortable even on the warmest days . good quality .	positive	adequacy
movie	this runs great on kindle fire , and ischallenging even in easy mode but not impossible . looking forward to the sequel .	positive	conflagration
movie	cute but the sizes run a bit small .	positive	smallness
movie	maybe just a little less interesting than i expect robert whitlow to be , but still am glad i bought it .	positive	assume
movie	the louise penny , inspector gamache series are absolutely wonderful . i loved the audio presentation . i have ordered the entire series .	positive	sequence
movie	i am involved in a bible study and i find this book just full of information , i use it everyday .	positive	news
movie	grat fit and s uacute per light . not good for running because they fall of your face but grat for any moment .	positive	time
movie	kubriks film holds up to fx laden space operas decades later . one of my favorite film of all times	positive	nineties
movie	a little confusing at first , but ultimately great for netflix viewing . i would highly recommend this product to a friend	positive	preview
movie	does what it's supposed to do . the red latch is hard to close and not easy to padlock .	positive	crimson
movie	perfect length , long legs so have trouble ,	positive	circumference
movie	very cool ! works great .	positive	collaborate
movie	great looking functional and you can't beat the price .	positive	assessment
movie	very well written book with many twists and turns . held your attention the entire time and had a fast start .	positive	attentiveness
movie	very stylish , well made . this item is better than most decorative phone covers . would purchase more items from this vendor brand .	positive	dealer
movie	enjoy playing this game very much	positive	cards
movie	this is probably someone's thesis for a phd , but what ever it is , it is funny . well , not funny , interesting .	positive	be
movie	great design and material . they run a little too small though . order a size larger than you would usually wear .	positive	length
movie	great ride , loved this period thriller , splashed with a bit of comedy , and fictional account of the birth of profiling .	positive	era
movie	nice case for mt pantech marouder . snapped right on and i have gotten a few nice comments about the case !	positive	mention
movie	just what i needed at the time . thank you for making this song available . loving it and looking for more .	positive	anthem
movie	love it ! cuts crisp , clean shapes and it couldn't be cuter . i am very pleased with this purchase . thank you !	positive	purchasing
movie	i just finished the trilogy , very family friendly not a lot of cussing , good content , thought provoking .	positive	flood
movie	very well built and agile for any need . i would definitly recomend this bag for any use you require . a	positive	sachet
movie	why would there be a game called beauty secrets . the tips i think seem helpful hope they make me look better .	positive	open_secret
movie	these ballasts are working great and i would highly recommend for the low cost . went together pretty easy as well	positive	expense
movie	i am very happy with purchase according to apple store sale person thanks in futurei will more from same murchant	positive	thank_you
movie	husband grills out almost every weekend and this thermometer works well with chicken or ribs and he likes it .	positive	hen
movie	it is a little lighter than i expected but the quality is good . packaged well and easy to put together .	positive	adequacy
movie	this is a good product for children . they can play with the pictures and keep them in good shape .	positive	roundness
movie	solid hood , reverses on lens for storage . very rare i do not use this hood when shooting macro .	positive	eyepiece
movie	this product was as described . thank you very much for the product . works like it was intended too . very nice	positive	feature
movie	a must have for the die hard black sabbath w ozzy fan that want's to complete their collection .	positive	blower
movie	one of my favorite songs by sammy kershaw . it has a great beat , really great song , i love it alot	positive	anthem
movie	a good read and a very interesting beginning ! this is a new story line , i wonder where it will lead	positive	start
movie	this book did not give information that has not been published prior to this date . nothing new .	negative	news
movie	all they do is muffle the sound . i can still hear everything . they don't work . do not waste your money .	negative	dinero
movie	this did not appeal to us at all . it looked to be low budget and poor acting . would not recommend .	negative	portrayal
movie	the whole plot was just no good . not worth the read .	negative	intrigue
movie	dress is not as dressy as it looks on line . it could pass for a play dress rather than an outing dress .	negative	gown
movie	too slowand need to be more up beat and happy try this one again my grandson did not loke it	negative	test
movie	took forever to process and was not worth the price . stiching is poor . would recommend regular boxers over these . .	negative	assessment
movie	the earrings were far too small and not actual size as i had expected . not happy with them at all .	negative	length
movie	this product was sub par , out of attempts to print , worked , i was very disappointed in this advertising	negative	commercial
movie	if looked as a parady of some other books it was some whatamusing . but very heavy handed .	negative	textbook
movie	so much for instant been waiting and it just says pending and no way to cancel order ruined my night	negative	wreck
movie	not what i expected because the tools didn't fit in the screws or the screen the way they should have	negative	power_tool
movie	was very surprised that this toy was cheaply made . activity did not keep toddler interested in doing the different functions .	negative	doll
movie	i thought this book would be entertaining , but turned out to be a big disappointment . boring . never finished reading it .	negative	tome
movie	it's the worst computer that i ever have in my life ! , doesn't have enough memory and it is too slow ,	negative	reminiscence
movie	boots are lovely but too tall for my lower leg . hit too far above knee and were big at top	negative	peg
movie	scratches much too easily . you will be forced to replace this much too often . i ended up going with skinomi .	negative	rope_burn
movie	i have to return it because it was damagei hope this thing never happens againi could n use it	negative	be
movie	i never received the right item they sent dorait would have been a great gift to give to someone	negative	donation
movie	doesnt get hot enough , my daughter is disapointed . i plan on returning itpossibly just defected . i would still consider a purschase	negative	scheme
movie	these do not work at all . no sound , no light . complete junk . will be returning . please do not order these .	negative	sun
movie	this things is not new and clearly low quality . it seems used and damaged . i dont recommend it at all .	negative	adequacy
movie	don't waste your time and money . almost two months and i've still haven't got the cases . very very very disapointed .	negative	dinero
movie	hard to believe not particulary well done , shallow story with easy to figure climax . would not read others by this author .	negative	novelist
movie	this item work for day i would not recommend this to anyone else waste of money time horrible	negative	dinero
movie	was about a cm to small length wise , when installed it just didn't seat right . i would look somewhere else	negative	circumference
movie	the heater does not keep the water warm . when i use it . i have to add hot water from my tap water	negative	radiator
movie	the delivery froze solid on my porch and burst the containers open . i will try again when it warms up	negative	veranda
movie	i had been using formula , which is half of the garlic strength . i returned this am switching back .	negative	sturdiness
movie	i cannot believe that whoever packed my order . gave me a kitchen spatula instead of a picture card !	negative	galley
movie	memory foam pillow is too stiff and uncomfortable for me . would not recommend it unless you want a stiff pillow .	negative	reminiscence
movie	took longer than advertized to get here and range is very short . would not buy again .	negative	gamut
movie	instructions were very clear and easy to follow , but it just didn't work for me . have to find another option .	negative	put
movie	works great on a large size tiled shower but doesn't grip well with small tiles because of grout and spacing .	negative	length
movie	case was broken when i got it i had to tape it together but it does work okay for now	negative	be
movie	it does not work as advertised i will try something else . works on old system . i tried everything no luck .	negative	network
movie	i'll . put this in the nicest way possible . this game is soooooooooo stupid . i'm still talking because of word minimums	negative	term
movie	it fits the pistols great , but it is so obvious you are better off wearing an imb or fanny pack .	negative	revolver
movie	the phone does not work properly . it shuts off every second for no reason . it does not hold a charge	negative	handset
movie	the color is kind of dumb and the material seems no protection at all . but consider of price , it's ok .	negative	shade
movie	i use it for day and my strap is broke , is the worse watch .	negative	tomorrow
movie	this book took way too long to get to the plot . it drug on and on . ending was just ok .	negative	medicament
movie	i got the wrong fxxking sword not like the picture . done . done . done . done . done zero star . bad company i not oder again from you guys .	negative	sabre
movie	wish it didn't have the velcro on the back . not a good idea . very itchy . so now it just sits on my dresser .	negative	concept
movie	they're ok but they dont stay it place on the seat very well . other than that thy're good . .	negative	perch
movie	not durable at all . disappointed with the quality of the sole . i had expected more from nunn bush . shoe was comfortable .	negative	sneaker
movie	i loved this book ! who would . ever think that rowley . would have a girlfriend ? this is an amazing series to me !	negative	sequence
movie	this book is so important . folks we need to stop monsanto . read this book if you don't know why yet .	negative	tome
movie	just because is u , magazines they rate as good . what this is just bad bad music ! .	negative	tune
movie	i never received this product . please find out why and let me know the status . thank you .	negative	feature
phone	dvd's works great ! i love the movie can't wait for the new gz to come out in may , hell ya !	positive	documentary
phone	great fr people who have sinus problems but want to take care of it using natural products instead of medicine !	positive	folks
phone	i would recommend the purchase of these pajamas . they are well made and durable . the john deere part was great !	positive	purchasing
phone	i really like it it's easy to install	positive	retrofit
phone	does exactly what it claimed to	positive	purport
phone	this is my jam ! amazon has it all ! always my go to for all my shopping needs , shoes , clothes , music . whatever !	positive	workwear
phone	it's exactly what i needed . would order again . how much more info do you need . this should be plenty . right . ok	positive	details
phone	would give it stars , but it's a bit confusing on weather the battery is charged . great price . looks great	positive	warming
phone	comfortable as bedroom shoes , but very smart looking these have been my go to walking preference all holiday . happy new year !	positive	guestroom
phone	brings me back and also makes me run fast when i'm out with my ipod and turning mile . yes	positive	jog
phone	it is a nice rope . not sure what else to say . its a rope . well constructed . it should outlast me .	positive	cordage
phone	smart launcher is a nice dock . this adds notification counts to it .	positive	bazooka
phone	one of the best companies that produce high quality cartridgs on this planent . excellent ! owned other ortofon cartridgs in s	positive	adequacy
phone	bought weeks ago and i love it . hits harder than the rockfords i had in before	positive	shivah
phone	also get the others to so far all are excellent . they're worth your bucks .	positive	obtain
phone	easy to read , many twist and turns to keep your interest . like getting the entire series in one book purchase	positive	purchasing
phone	good product , i like this lab , i and my friends , really like it . good very stuff . its my opnion . enjoy	positive	feature
phone	great quality poster that includes a postive , encouraging , and true message for students . i purchased this for an elementary classroom .	positive	mail
phone	i work late most nights until or o'clock and the stun gun w flashlight makes me feel much safer	positive	firearm
phone	it's been a long time reading a short story book . loved it ! i would recommend this book to my friends .	positive	folk_tale
phone	i bought this for my teenage son and he seems happy with it no complaints .	positive	jr
phone	inspiring ! a must read book for everyonewho ever had some tough timeshe is so brave ! bring along the tissue box !	positive	carton
phone	sent it to twin granddaughters st birthday my son said very easy to put together and sturdy good choice !	positive	jr
phone	awesome product ! battery lasts a long time and the silent alarm is awesome ! great for goal keeping ! a definite buy	positive	purpose
phone	moving and romantically emotional . i would buy more books by the same author . i recommend you to read this book .	positive	novelist
phone	great ! much easier to use than those red gas cans that have all the safety features . want to buy more !	positive	security
phone	very nice bright new led lite for d maglitecompared this to the d battery maglite and its no comparison .	positive	analogy
phone	works like a real charm truthfully not a scam comes just as promised exactly would buy again love this item !	positive	incidental
phone	i like this book it touches me it's emotional but kinda a thrill and i liked it very muchreally	positive	tome
phone	this is the best performance protein on the market . plus it tastes great !	positive	theatrical
phone	fantastic . if you liked fast food nation , and have thoughts about our society . then this is for you . a true eye opener .	positive	aliment
phone	the recipes look great ! can't weight to try them !	positive	poundage
phone	substantial pen and the mechanism works beautifully . good weight . i want every color .	positive	ballpoint
phone	very nice for the price would recommend to others . my wife like it a lot and it get the job done	positive	employment
phone	totally awesome page turner i have read lots if books and this is one of the best loved it a	positive	textbook
phone	keeps you coming back for the next episode . can't wait for season to be available on instant video . smile .	positive	chapter
phone	awesome , simply awesome . a game changer even for a handicapper .	positive	normaliser
phone	heard about this from podcaster daniel brewer , so decided to give it a try . glad that i did . totally engrossing .	positive	test
phone	what a great book . i have cronic pain and this book is one of my bibles .	positive	tome
phone	cheap quality , but very inexpensive does the job	positive	employment
phone	just what i expected . a good product .	positive	feature
phone	great movie . very funny . loved the story and the message behind it . would highly recommend this movie for all ages .	positive	mail
phone	i purchased as gift and am sure se'll love them . they match her other dishes .	positive	donation
phone	it is a large beautiful brooch . i purchased it as an accent on my wedding dress . it should be perfect .	positive	gown
phone	these bands do the job ! definitely worth the money . they feel like quality bands that will last a while . recommended .	positive	employment
phone	authority just buy u as keystroke ratty free for the type to this commentary and r us on related to	positive	breed
phone	absolutely amazing ! i cannot recommend it enough . demetri martin is one of the funniest comedians around , if not the funniest .	positive	comedienne
phone	i am not much of a movie watcher but this one kept me in my chair through the whole movie	positive	chaise
phone	great for side or back sleeping . very very comfortable . better than any pillow . wish i had discovered this years ago	positive	bolster
phone	great looking hat fits comfprtable and does not absord a lot of moisture , i use it as a golf hat !	positive	bonnet
phone	i know trail xtreame was very basic but it was so realystic and smooth ! this just isn't that good . sgsii	negative	spoor
phone	the worst ending ever . i know that this author could have came out with a better ending then this . ridiculous !	negative	novelist
phone	doesn't work . after connecting to the mac , it works for a short while , and then the connection stops .	negative	linkage
phone	expensive and not stainless steelwhat's wrongfiskers know better than to sell this piece of s to any one .	negative	scrap
phone	i never received this book , nor have i ever heard of it . i would have love to read this one . wow !	negative	tome
phone	this did not work from day one . a waste of money . the return policy make syou eat the cost .	negative	dinero
phone	just about the sappiest , unbelievable , unreal , hodgepodge i've ever struggled to finish .	negative	accomplish
phone	this was cheaply made and too big to fit inside the travelon essential bag's inside pocket . returned .	negative	be
phone	all copies of this movie must be recalled , put on a rocket , and fired into the sun .	negative	missile
phone	battery doesn't last that long only min and battery died . .	negative	drown
phone	i would not recommend this product to anyone , because it doesn't work as well as the advertisement said it would .	negative	commercial
phone	awful story line . wasted a day or two reading it	negative	row
phone	was really cute until it fell of not even a day later	negative	tomorrow
phone	richard gere is a great actor just didn't like the story this time but will look for other r . g movies	negative	actress
phone	it was good but not great so don't get it because it is not good so please don't get it	negative	obtain
phone	the head sheared off after months of use . impossible to find a service center that is still in business .	negative	utility
phone	it does not work on gel nails . such a waste of money ! wish i would have gone with a better brand !	negative	dinero
phone	this things is not new and clearly low quality . it seems used and damaged . i dont recommend it at all .	negative	adequacy
phone	there were no instructions with these , so i am not sure what i am looking for in the results window .	negative	porthole
phone	the stories are poorly written , they are out dated , you need better reporting . you can't just copy other peoples stories .	negative	folk_tale
phone	this is just a dumb waste of time . i've got better things to do . and i hate the sound effects .	negative	garbage
phone	i thought this book would be entertaining , but turned out to be a big disappointment . boring . never finished reading it .	negative	tome
phone	this was a ground breaking book at the time but it does not hold up to the test of time	negative	floor
phone	the bag has the wrong image ! this is not the bag i got ! beware !	negative	sachet
phone	i deleted this after several chapters . i was bored and not entertianed by the story . i did not get it .	negative	folktale
phone	too tight in the toes . it looks great in the picture but . and to return it is not worth it .	negative	hallux
phone	this bag reeks of plastic fumes , so much so that i found it unusable . not recommended , even for the price .	negative	sachet
phone	this game is simplistic and boring . no challenge . it was free , but it was still too expensive . you shouldn't bother .	negative	cards
phone	these do not easily open . the magnet underneath is not strong enough . it's very cheaply made . i don't recommend it .	negative	solenoid
phone	i think they did ok they could do better that is what i think of the book it is ok	negative	tome
phone	just offers a game that was out there long ago and it was one that i removed from my kindle .	negative	cards
phone	not particularly well written nor was there much of an insight into frank costello . not a lot to recommend this .	negative	flood
phone	disappointed feel taken advantage ov there is only music no exercise steps wish for refund how do i do this	negative	calisthenics
phone	not terrible , but not that exciting either . seemed like a young adult novel at times . but it passed the time .	negative	contemporary_world
phone	i like the shirt , except it is so small . it is a exlarge , but it looks likea small .	negative	tank_top
phone	all markers were dried up , absolutely useless . money wasted .	negative	dinero
phone	cheap ! cheap ! cheap ! i had this put in to my infiniti i and months later it blew out	negative	date
phone	they look better online . i wore them once because they look so cheap .	negative	glance
phone	works great on a large size tiled shower but doesn't grip well with small tiles because of grout and spacing .	negative	length
phone	poor video transfer quality and sound . highly unrecommended . there should be laws against creating such garbage .	negative	resettlement
phone	perfume fragrance smelled artifical didn't smell like natural coconut oil it had a horrible smell more like a car fragrance .	negative	petroleum
phone	is not working fine . the system hangs up all the time .	negative	network
phone	can i leave no star ? this brush is terrible . loose hairs every time i used it . dont waste your time	negative	body_hair
phone	product was described as boiled wool , latex sole , soft wool upper . item received was polyester . item will be returned .	negative	rubber
phone	not what i was hoping for . clock is smaller than expected and is loud .	negative	chronometer
phone	im sure i saw this movie in the theaters but gave me a lot of memories of this movie .	negative	cinema
phone	awful movie that is just ridiculous ! do not waste your time or money with it . vince vaughn had done better	negative	dinero
phone	very slow service , price on an older paperback book . disappointed in the book and the service .	negative	utility
phone	these glasses are huge and heavy ! i would prefer a little smaller and lighter . it looks like the glass is thick .	negative	goggles
phone	it is very big to load it and it is not practices of managing . i am not reommended . lost money	negative	dinero
book	good rope . hasn't rotted yet . very long . defiantly worth buying . would buy again if needed . so buy it already .	positive	shopping
book	works great . i am very satisfied . i would recommend to others . i would purchased this item again . great value for price .	positive	incidental
book	great upbeat song . gets the blood pumping and makes ya wanna bob your head involuntarily . i need five more words .	positive	anthem
book	my kids loved the pictures of the story , and the humor in the presentation of the life of a kiwi .	positive	preschooler
book	after getting a thumbs up from an artist friend , i ordered this for my daughter . she liked it very much	positive	musician
book	product arrived fast , wife is very happy with quality and looks . ty geneo	positive	missus
book	wish it allowed more data for the money . but long as you don't download videos , you're ok . easy to use	positive	dinero
book	i love this bingo game . easy to use and fun to play . a wonderful combination . i would recommend to anyone .	positive	complexion
book	this is perfect for what i need , and it wasn't expensive . i so glad i bought two !	positive	be
book	i love it ! i just love it plus i watches the show and it's awesome ! do you like it ? yay tehe	positive	display
book	was leaving on a cruise , and needed the diffuser because i did not know what the blowdryer would be like .	positive	be
book	it's a cute game , fun and especially if you like cocktails . it is also challenging . can't stop playing it once i start .	positive	martini
book	pool ladder met the expectations . great price for the quality of ladder .	positive	anticipation
book	dimensions and strength where correct . good small spring that i needed . using it for bed leveling system in my d printer .	positive	sturdiness
book	i'm a movie buff and love the old movies . this dvd was an excellent addition to my collection . great movie .	positive	documentary
book	i found this strap online and when compared to gc and sam ash they couldn't even come close in price .	positive	noseband
book	well written with a different view of achilles .	positive	sight
book	looks cute on my son . wish the belt that comes with it is a bit longerrr ! would buy another in future	positive	tomorrow
book	i can not get enough of ed sheeran . i would highly , highly , recommend any and all of his songs	positive	ditty
book	how could you go wrong with anything by adele ? this cd is absolutely fabulous . love it . play it all the time .	positive	circulate
book	fabulous colors , great selection . applies beautifully . nice containers	positive	canister
book	very nice and is working well for my son in high school . i would highly recommend this calculator for anyone .	positive	lycee
book	this is a great show good family entertainment without all the reality bologna ! the plot story line is wonderful .	positive	row
book	thank you so much qualty is very nicelittle bit smaller than im imagine but realistic as per as photo	positive	snapshot
book	dai z loves it . she used to have a spiky collar , this is from to times better .	positive	choker
book	fantastic intrigue ! wonderful , true tolife characters . never guessed the end ! can't wait for the sequel !	positive	moratorium
book	this has every great hit that clapton ever made . better than i expected ! a must have for every music collection !	positive	tune
book	i can't stop listening the cd ! is just beautiful . paceful music , excellent lyrics , the music is fabulous . loved it .	positive	cessation
book	my wife enjoyed tris shoes since se saw and now i shocks tell they look better than the picture thanks	positive	thank_you
book	a fun escape . not overhyped fluff by any stretch of the imagination .	positive	fantasy
book	great companion to comprehension connections ! this tanny mcgregor once again delivers hands on concrete ways to understand different genres !	positive	linkage
book	very nice for getting tangles out without punishing your loved one . can be used on any dogs any breeds . thanks'	positive	doggie
book	i like this product . it is the good value for money this product . sl is good condition . and cheap x	positive	dinero
book	this is about the only bond movie i like , not much into other bond movies maybe one or two more	positive	documentary
book	very cute . both kids love this . pack so worth it , rather than buying each one seperatly . no problemsthanks	positive	preschooler
book	very simple to use with a double name area , and very simple to attach , exactly what i needed . thanks again	positive	thank_you
book	only mm and holds discs , and with artwork visible from outside and inside . well made ao should be durable .	positive	drawing
book	nice swim suit , not very expensive . but you should wash it by hand because the material is a little delicate .	positive	fist
book	i'm a long time tom petty fan and it's great to see him hook up with old friends .	positive	blower
book	awesome kights for daytime and nightime driving . harness is bit kong for a bike but easy to sokice and install	positive	scrambler
book	there are definitely cheaper alternatives but i wanted the best on the market that wouldn't leak . these are the ones !	positive	oligopoly
book	love this game would also recommend it to any one . keeps me interest . would try other games like this one .	positive	cards
book	so far the lamp is working very well . samsung bp a lamp with housing lti phillips	positive	habitation
book	hung on my wall had to push couch back picture so good sounds good was easy to set up	positive	divan
book	he said it was awesome . just what he was looking for , he's into camo stuff and it fit the bill .	positive	dust
book	very satisfied with my purchase .	positive	purchasing
book	just download it and enjoy . what is there to complain about no costs , no ads , and no gimmicks . great product !	positive	feature
book	more than i expected , and free ! not yelling , just happy . had much more useful info than i had expected	positive	details
book	good product , i like this lab , i and my friends , really like it . good very stuff . its my opnion . enjoy	positive	feature
book	i love my wide angle lens , it rocks ! i'm so happy i decided to purchase it ! thank you so much .	positive	eyepiece
book	it was bad quality , with an open , used packet of the glue liquid . i dislike it . it is cheap price .	negative	water
book	they were smaller than expected and presented in the photo . in the smallest one it is nearly impossible to pub anything .	negative	alehouse
book	even with light and only occasional use , it died after a few months . feels kind of cheap and plasticky also .	negative	date
book	this got so dirty and disgusting and was impossible to clean ! i would never buy another one of these again .	negative	be
book	it looked a little to fake for that kind of movie . i didn't like the plot that could of ben better .	negative	documentary
book	dont buy , it not good and not worth to buy this . it is so small and cheap	negative	be
book	this tv does not include a digital tuner . a cable box is needed to receive digital hd programming . just fyi .	negative	carton
book	broke within weeks . replaced with gm part , been ok ever since . i guess i got what i paid for .	negative	shivah
book	my husband and i both had this case and both our screens cracked . buy a better case .	negative	wide_screen
book	just another teen drama . this show is terrible . sorry for the actors in the show , but it falls very flat .	negative	actress
book	this item quit working after less than a year and i hardly ever used it ! do not buy this !	negative	incidental
book	this game is pretty simple but its not fun enough to be in the same category as a bingo game .	negative	denomination
book	i reader the reviews dosen look good you should look at the reviews too they help alotdon't get it	negative	bookworm
book	smaller punches were plastic and broke the first time i used them . i purchased a set from craftsman to remedy .	negative	haymaker
book	this does not work as an incense burner . every time we put a candle in it it just goes out .	negative	torch
book	these fell apart in seconds . you get what you pay for . the idea seemed cool but the product needs improvement .	negative	concept
book	they squeak when i walk . very annoying . can't return them because i wore them once . not happy .	negative	gait
book	it's enough to ponder that maybe roe v wade should be overturned . my grade d	negative	section
book	short and silly . might be good to download if you're looking for a minute mind less quickie to read .	negative	subconscious
book	this product is not as user friendly as the version . i am sorry i spent the money on this .	negative	dinero
book	you thought you wasted your life before . boy are you in for a surprise .	negative	lad
book	film doesn't stick to the screen , leaves dirty bubbles . as rolls down the screen , the protector film was being stretched .	negative	docudrama
book	the wires used for cutting came apart on first use while slicing strawberries . it was a complete waste of money .	negative	dinero
book	doesn't display anything blank black screen with no characters or articles broken app although i do enjoy the magazine	negative	editorial
book	this game app whatever is awful . no wondrr it is for free . nfiaghrhlfdkx gdkf hyena . yo tm rib dj ctn gh	negative	aardwolf
book	would not work tried times no no no no no no no no no no no no no no	negative	contemporary_world
book	bought for my granddaughter , not too much time before extras needed to be bought to continue game . wasn't that interested .	negative	cards
book	the little clips that hold the case together have started to break . i have had the case for a week .	negative	rag
book	does not give a real picture of fracking in our world .	negative	graphic
book	always pictures are different from realityit was not what i expect ! , but i liked the style it is uniqe	negative	fit
book	whenever i put it on automotive mode all streets disappear .	negative	rue
book	i found it very basic and simple . it has the information that you need without going further on each theme	negative	news
book	cheap but trouble some epson tries hard to discourage the competion and it woked , i got rid of the printer	negative	reader
book	one side of the knives brioke after some use . difficult to clean .	negative	pocket_knife
book	the material of this product is rather weak i ended up not using them for what they were intended for .	negative	feature
book	i didn't like it . the way it ended left me cold .	negative	culminate
book	the smart cover is bad don't work correctly with the typing and video stand because the magnets are very weak	negative	electromagnet
book	although very cute , of the five we ordered , two , including this one , had a zipper that broke almost right away .	negative	comprise
book	i wanted a woman's watch . this is too large . i returned it for refund . still waiting for refund . sondra bergey	negative	hunter
book	doesn't handle thick batters well , tries to come off stand . not worth the bother , most hand mixers do better than this .	negative	fist
book	it fail to meet my expectations . after a couple of months of use , the attache is coming unglued . poor workmanship .	negative	anticipation
book	i just received it and it looks nothing like the picture . super crappy pice of wood , no finish at all .	negative	poplar
book	this item claims to be okay for ipad devices . it isn't . save your money and get something that actually works .	negative	dinero
book	i thought these were regular skechers . however , they were the exerciser type . i should have returned them . but , i didn't	negative	breed
book	as suggested i started using tablets a day , now using one tablet per day . will see how this works .	negative	tomorrow
book	after installing the app it will not open ! i have installed the complete set and none of them will open .	negative	pair
book	might as well just have a game where you hit the next letter in the alphabet , or count by s	negative	epistle
book	this product was poorly made . it is filled with bugs and is not worth buying .	negative	shopping
book	great idea , but it just spins around . too small to catch much dribbling . also , velcro is scratchy .	negative	concept
book	the color is too light almost pink instead of red . i would return it but too much trouble to do .	negative	rose
product	sanuks are known for their comfort , and these are by far some of the comfiest shoes i have ever worn .	positive	ease
product	i had no idea what an interesting life shepard lived . i thoroughly enjoyed reading about him and his exciting times .	positive	concept
product	great ! buy this book .	positive	tome
product	wonderful movie , despite the claustrophobic feeling . audrey hepburn is a walking advertisement for weight watchers , or something or other . incredible .	positive	sentiment
product	anyone who knows breaking bad loves my freshner ! and it actually smells good would definitely recommend to a friend	positive	buddy
product	i have big hands and didnt quite like the grip on my xdm mm and the finger grips are perfect	positive	thumb
product	excellent detail , and the rug is an actual miniature braided rug nylon ? a must for any bully lover's tree .	positive	sapling
product	sent it to twin granddaughters st birthday my son said very easy to put together and sturdy good choice !	positive	jr
product	great looking cover and love the option of viewing vertically or horizontally . everybody who sees mine , wants one ! great buy !	positive	camouflage
product	after charging a few times i would defenetly recomend to anyone who ends up with no charge on the go	positive	contemporary_world
product	this is an amazing story about a very talented and egocentric woman . the author and photographer did a great job .	positive	employment
product	great watch , worth every cent ! not water proof , if that's an issue . was not an issue for me though , weeeeeeeeeeeeeee !	positive	verification
product	this color is discontinued so i was very pleased to find it .	positive	shade
product	great shoe . out of the box very comfortable . order one half size larger	positive	sneaker
product	i just wanted to make sure to give this stars as it is essential for any psp owner .	positive	renter
product	very good screens , and a new way to install i loved it .	positive	wide_screen
product	really great book ! cant wait for the next book i will be reading it on v vacation next week !	positive	honeymoon
product	love saving money . once the old broken pane was removed this snapped into place with no problem , looks totally stock .	positive	dinero
product	its durably constructed and works well with any bike it works well on my schwinn speed bike p . s . great	positive	scrambler
product	great movie cuba is hilarious and those dogs . i could watch over and over everyday . lots of laughs from me	positive	chuckle
product	this novel kept my attention to the end . i will check out other of brett battles novels in the future .	positive	attentiveness
product	best ever ! love it ! put it on the side of my window on my jeep . i get complimented allll the time !	positive	porthole
product	works great , it does what its supposed to . also matches really well with my gear that is flat dark earth	positive	pinion
product	eldest son dj's in miami on weekends and wanted this . strange looking to me , but according to him , it's great .	positive	jr
product	greeeat book ! real page turner i'd highly recommend this book to any reader of any agebrilliant ! simply brilliant	positive	tome
product	works great thank you i suggest buying it did the job and hold up great no more power issues here	positive	puissance
product	i love the cables . cheaper here than anywhere else . they are great for the price and great for my needs .	positive	assessment
product	the thing is bullet proof , looks good , and a great price . what else do these guy make ?	positive	verification
product	i sometimes think he likes it more than mommy and daddy holding him . i would certainly recommend to any one .	positive	consider
product	simple but effective tool . one of those things that makes you say why didn't i think of this ? works well	positive	drill
product	so , gotye wins a grammy aren't i prescient ! fine voice , excellent lyrics . that 's all for now now now now now now	positive	androglossia
product	this came as expected , but it took forever . but a cool tool none the less . for stashin my cash , yeah .	positive	drill
product	great book had its ups and down . it was just really short , left me wanting more lol	positive	tome
product	this is a good book . try this book it is very nice . did i say it was a good book . the end .	positive	tome
product	grat fit and s uacute per light . not good for running because they fall of your face but grat for any moment .	positive	time
product	got to have tool for construction , rescue and utility work . needs a holster , however .	positive	fabrication
product	bought , i use it for hibiclens cleaner , it's best as a foam . this works great and is so attractive	positive	suds
product	bought these as a gift and they seem to like them . they are a nice pair of glasses for money .	positive	dinero
product	great stuff , very light . excellent sunglasses .	positive	dust
product	i received this dvd is reasonable time , and it was a great addition ot my marx brothers dvd collection .	positive	half_brother
product	bought this ring to replace the one the hubby lost . it is a perfect fit and he loves it .	positive	cuckold
product	works great . replaced a cable that had cracked and no longer worked . very pleased . would order it again . thank you	positive	command
product	bought this hard drive a few years ago on amazon . still working great today !	positive	impetus
product	just as pictured and looks great . meets what we needed to hold canes and umbrellas . great for the price .	positive	brolly
product	this flash drive holds plenty of data , and travelswell in a case , purse or in my luggage . good price too .	positive	suitcase
product	dels best work ! fresh tracks , from del tha funkee homosapienmy favorite cd ever	positive	trail
product	i love this french press entirely too much ! i would buy from united brands again in a heart beat !	positive	label
product	we had just re painted our closet bi fold doors , and these were the perfect accessory for them . they look great .	positive	trap_door
product	i have always been a fan of belva plain . she is a great storyteller and this is a great book	positive	blower
product	the hp tri color printer cartridge did not work even though it was never used . the box was unopened .	negative	cartouche
product	didn't get past the first few pages as it was awful sent it to the archives without reading it .	negative	full_page
product	i am just not into the realms of science fiction . the plot was awful and lacked credibility , in my view	negative	legitimacy
product	printing is not as concise and clear as the cartridge that came with my dell printer . printing appears slightly fuzzy	negative	cartouche
product	the size is smaller than the one i own , but it works ok .	negative	length
product	very long pointless film with very little footage of john wayne .	negative	docudrama
product	were to start they come off your shoes i use other brands that work well but these are a joke !	negative	label
product	i gave this to my godchild for a christmas present and parts came out of the box already broken .	negative	carton
product	hard to pedal , fan very loud and no seat adjustment knob came with the bike . went to bike shop for service .	negative	boutique
product	color wasn't at all what it displayed i will never use it it was smaller than i thought it was	negative	shade
product	man , this was like the opposite of a aphrodisiac .	negative	indirect_antonym
product	this was the second one that has broken at the earpiece . good sound but cheap material and no carrying case	negative	earplug
product	these are great looking sandals , but not for long walks . they are so uncomfortable , they hurt my feet big time !	negative	huaraches
product	battery would not charge over the course of multiple tries using the various recommendations in the users manual supplied . most unfortunate .	negative	instructions
product	case was very cheap . broke first time it was taken off the ipod . wouldn't order another on like it . ever .	negative	be
product	cheap hole saws that make one hole before wearing out in spite of constant cooling are not after all cheap !	negative	refrigeration
product	the package came in a plastic bag , no box and no cream attached only the brush and batteries .	negative	sachet
product	it'd be better if i just used this for a sore throat . tastes horrible and doesn't work . would not recommend	negative	flavor
product	the color cartrige is only printing in yellow . it doesnt do what it should . these may not be completely compatible .	negative	shade
product	works great on a large size tiled shower but doesn't grip well with small tiles because of grout and spacing .	negative	length
product	i just bought it , and i'm taking it back . it worked for about seconds and hasn't worked since . cheap junk .	negative	slack
product	it is very big to load it and it is not practices of managing . i am not reommended . lost money	negative	dinero
product	makes phone get very hot don't want to ruin my phone . other then the hot part it works very well	negative	handset
product	was expecting better quality and these were nothing i was needing . would not purchase again . and they broke first time	negative	adequacy
product	not as advertised , requires japanese dvd player i wanted us . ad says compatible so i'm not happy with that	negative	footballer
product	this brand is difficult to find in the retail stores so i am happy it is available to purchase online	negative	boutique
product	this game app whatever is awful . no wondrr it is for free . nfiaghrhlfdkx gdkf hyena . yo tm rib dj ctn gh	negative	aardwolf
product	it was to big so i'm going to return it for something else	negative	be
product	the latch broke after uses junk junk junk just like everyone else's . i wouldn't recommend it . don't buy beware .	negative	song
product	i like the original tetris . there is no control for me . probly bcause i cant find how to control it .	negative	be
product	props are hugely imbalanced and i had one break just hovering which caused a crash that broke my quad's arm .	negative	hiatus
product	i hate this app . first of all for what's it is it really costs to much money . this app stinks	negative	dinero
product	i guess there must be a re issue they must put all the metallica songs thank you	negative	ditty
product	i couldn't get into the book . just not my type of story i guess . i wouldn't really recommend this one .	negative	folk_tale
product	strange story , predictable ending . easy read but many odd sexual additions that seemed unnecessary . these characters are definitely messed up .	negative	folktale
product	this does not work for the hd . be sure to get the right one when you order . i did not .	negative	obtain
product	i had this app for a minute and i already uninstalled it from my kindle in . other words useless app	negative	wield
product	this slide didn't last a season . it split at the seam and can't repair it . my grandchildren are very upset .	negative	grandson
product	poorly made does not get hot enough to dry your hair	negative	coiffure
product	not very effective . will not grab dog hair as hoped .	negative	coiffure
product	never received this outfit ! and have been charged emailed company and have not heard anything back .	negative	subsidiary
product	it stops running whenever i run into certain characters , and it doesn't let me close it when i want to .	negative	jog
product	works great until it crashes ! it crashed with out any warning ! i will not buy another maxtor drive .	negative	caution
product	they were not true to form . i sent them back and ordered a smaller size but never recieved them .	negative	length
product	not good so so so so so so bad bad bad bad bad don't get this game never get it .	negative	cards
product	if your phone has a cover , it won't fit in this pouch , it is too small . there are better options .	negative	handset
product	fake item , didn't workcheap , made in china waste my money . never buy again . i don't know why they sale junk items .	negative	dinero
product	will not work correctly looks like a really cheap car not even nice enough for your kid to play with .	negative	sedan
product	turned my daughters skin blue .	negative	cerulean
time	excellant resource for bible study . historical , cultural and literary analysis . some author bias evident .	positive	novelist
time	i thought the ending was not has good as the first book . just a set up for the third book .	positive	tome
time	good fun for toddlers and preschoolers . my kids really like it . educational and colorful . really keeps their attention . thank you .	positive	attentiveness
time	does exactly what it's supposed to do .	positive	exaggerate
time	these are great . longer stiffer handles are better than expected . a little pricey , but you get what you pay for .	positive	obtain
time	you must get this app it is so fun . the game play is really good and the graphics are good .	positive	drawing
time	these were lovely and as advertised . these and a hot glue gun really jazzed up our halloween costumes this year .	positive	firearm
time	a real stand up and cheer for the usa in a dark hour .	positive	trivet
time	true to size . i order a size . but i needed an . you will love the shoe .	positive	sneaker
time	i have it hanging in my key , and it is really a compact collection of tools , you will like it too	positive	assortment
time	i injoy playing this game its lots a fun	positive	cards
time	it's the best mascara ever . goes on easy and thickens my lashes and stays on and very easy to remove .	positive	panty_girdle
time	easy to follow directions and recipes you and your family will love . doc	positive	gp
time	i bought this for my husband to put his cc's in . he really likes it . i would recommend the buy .	positive	cuckold
time	just wanted to state that i agree with those above . very handy tool , especially when looking for quotes for talks .	positive	bargaining
time	a generic calculator whenever i need it . easy to use . got it for my kindle . works . like a calclator should . boom	positive	statistician
time	my daughter wanted this for christmas so i got them for her . she loves them and uses them every day .	positive	tomorrow
time	my month old nephew enjoyed the box more at christmas than the toy , but hopefully he will enjoy it .	positive	carton
time	great upbeat song . gets the blood pumping and makes ya wanna bob your head involuntarily . i need five more words .	positive	anthem
time	dropps are my preferred laundry soap . little packaging , big results without scent or unwanted additives . great in cold water too !	positive	response
time	this was a great follow up book . if your into steamy sex and revange its a must read .	positive	intercourse
time	i highly recommend brevail for any woman going through menopause . i take it in place of premarin . a night and day difference !	positive	lady
time	great shoe . out of the box very comfortable . order one half size larger	positive	sneaker
time	nice to find the products i like at reasonable prices that can also be delivered . why pay full retail price ?	positive	inventory
time	i love the dress , it was a little to big under the arm , but other then that it was good .	positive	gown
time	i love my carrier . it fits my phone perfectly . i've gotten many complements and with good reason , it's just perfect .	positive	handset
time	it was what i expected , good fit for my bed . after a couple washes , they are nice and soft note	positive	memo
time	this thing is awesome ! it keeps me from getting too hot through the night and is the relief i needed !	positive	obtain
time	funny and entertaining you couldn't ask for more ! a laurel and hardy classic no one will forget especially at christmas !	positive	cassia
time	i think this marketing is brilliant . and now they have my . . thanks pixar for making things fun again .	positive	thank_you
time	perfect for safely securing a handgun , but quickly and reliably accessible in an emergency .	positive	revolver
time	i use it to power my radio vintage vw and no accessory and light reminds me to shut it off .	positive	puissance
time	this surge protector has a solid housing as well as every type of connection needed to protect any home theater .	positive	habitation
time	i love the scent . it is refreshing and makes you home smell great . the scent covers without overwhelming your home .	positive	incense
time	this fits perfectly in my cabinet and i use it to help organize my spices ! love love love love it !	positive	dresser
time	thought this was a great deal both versions for a very good price and received quickly	positive	assessment
time	loved the characters . found myself getting angry at may for her actions . i enjoyed this book and would recommend it .	positive	tome
time	an excellent read , i couldn't put it down . a true story that reads like a james bond novel , worth reading	positive	perusal
time	love tupperware and was wondering if this was for real considering the tupperware price . cheaper here but the real product .	positive	feature
time	i like it . its simple and traditional . its not priced like a store but just as good . i recommend it .	positive	boutique
time	good game . like all the little monsters and the options of killing them off . good avatars too . wicked cool game .	positive	bogeyman
time	another excellent guide ! clear and straightforward directions , worth the price . i encourage all who are interested to make the purchase .	positive	purchasing
time	this is like the bible stories but like a cartoon this is a great dvd to buy for your kids	positive	preschooler
time	runners dream case for the iphone ! my hubby love is ! easy to adjust to fit me as well . thank you	positive	coyote
time	great educational value delivered in a fun show that our kids love !	positive	preschooler
time	i love it . it is finally easy medium and hard . the only bad thing is how sensitive it is . it soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooglitchty	positive	paper
time	i really enjoy these sheets . they are very comfortable and have a nice cool feeling to them .	positive	sentiment
time	it's so much cheaper and they work just as well as if i bought them brand new from the store .	positive	boutique
time	really happy with this product and the person it was bought for was excited the bank is colorful and fun .	positive	man
time	another great diana wynne jones book . i loved it ! but i love everything she writes .	positive	tome
time	stop by itself is a decent song . but the remixes are horrible ! do not buy this overpriced piece of trash !	negative	anthem
time	weary of long advertisements and brutal topics . they are in poor taste if children are allowed to do these puzzles .	negative	preschooler
time	to me it really works on the pain i was having in my knees . it doesn't upset my stomach either .	negative	rumen
time	i have the exact tablet listed and it did not fit was way too big to use on this model	negative	slate
time	i ordered this but this product didn't work at all . i never expect that this product will not work . regards , gagan	negative	feature
time	wiring disconnected from connector after a few uses . i threw it away since it was not worth returning . poorly made .	negative	coupling
time	not very comfortable . infortunaby they will be returned as my feet are not happy campers with this particular style shoe	negative	sneaker
time	i dont feel this unit gives enough warning in most cases togive confidence . i would not buy it again	negative	metric
time	a video game on paper . levels and all . read one , read 'em all . won't have to read it again .	negative	newsprint
time	awful . it was thrown together bad material . i felt gypped . i am sad and surprised that it was ever sold .	negative	paper
time	the magnets is too weak ! it did not work for me and i got it returned . i am very disappointed .	negative	electromagnet
time	its not big enough for much food and the zippers fell off and the strap will not stay in place	negative	aliment
time	not like it ! not like it ! i will not recommend to my friends ! my bad experience here ! will not buy anymore !	negative	familiarisation
time	this has to be marked as a jrs . maybe even girls top . it's really cute if it fit . sad . im returning .	negative	gal
time	stays too hot on low . unable to leave food in all day to slow cook , because it over cooks them .	negative	aliment
time	it was not what i thought . i bought a book when i thought i was buying a dvd . my fault	negative	tome
time	then nothing . it's on its way to the landfill . apparently , i need to write five more words . now i'm done .	negative	fuck_all
time	the kindle no longer stays attached to the metal tabs meant to hold it . i am constantly reattaching it .	negative	iron
time	only used this cable twice and the end fell out . not exactly the best quality	negative	adequacy
time	this saler is a fast shipper , not sure how well the makeup works , i didn't get to see it applied .	negative	eyeshadow
time	due to the fact that it said new copy . it had been opened already which i thought was very un professional !	negative	practitioner
time	it worked well at first , but then i was unable to get downloads to show up in this apps file .	negative	obtain
time	lovato's renditions of song , took away from original music , to where it was unrecognizable . i would not recommend it to anyone .	negative	anthem
time	disappointing . doesn't add much over the manual that came with my a . not as useful as some reviewers have implied .	negative	instructions
time	these cables will not charge my phone . completely worthless .	negative	handset
time	it is cheap but what do you expect for the price doest do what one would hope it would junk	negative	assessment
time	fit too small and the arch too high . had to return it . did not like the boot color or fit	negative	shade
time	would be great if didnt run threw aaa batteryus like water good vib till its incerted then hardly nething boo	negative	brine
time	this product would not stay fasttened it kept coming apart i did not like it at all waste of money	negative	dinero
time	maybe a good picture . but controls , menus and integration ability are junk . been installing for years and would not recommend .	negative	graphic
time	nice bottle , but i was dissapointed when the pump didnt work . otherwise , i would had given this product stars !	negative	jug
time	please send correct one . it does not fit . thank you so much .	negative	throw
time	too big for the adapter on my clock for my iphone to cradle with the case on , waste of money	negative	dinero
time	it isn't helpful to me to see a still shot of a part of the freeway . i don't use it .	negative	shoot
time	these earphones are very cheap , and sounds cheap . these should be used only as backup earphones , and be treated as such .	negative	earplug
time	i have read all of his books and liked this the least . very graphic description of homosexual acts . weak ending .	negative	specification
time	this telesales addition not worth the dollars . digitally remastered yeah right , vhs maybe . i still want a good copy .	negative	loonie
time	i have applied multiple applications and it didn't work . money down the drain .	negative	dinero
time	not happy with it ! had it about a month and it's cracked from normal use . it has a design flaw !	negative	planning
time	the gun will only shoot if there is only one bb in the clip , otherwise it gets all jammed up .	negative	firearm
time	not good for vacation . the holes are too large that the water comes out very quickly within a day .	negative	tomorrow
time	it doesn't work with iphone g false advertisement ! i gave it to my cousins who have the nano . waste !	negative	commercial
time	i never received the right item they sent dorait would have been a great gift to give to someone	negative	donation
time	i'm an avid gardener and can usually make the most difficult plants come alive but not this one . they never sprouted .	negative	factory
time	what came was a black pen ! does not work . don't buy this . fake pen . this is a knockoff . listing not honest .	negative	ballpoint
time	the fruit was not fresh . was left extremely dissapointed . would have been better off buying them at my local grocery store	negative	boutique
time	works grate however the vibration fiction does not work .	negative	tremor
time	too difficult and kept finding ways to get me to make additional purchases to continue . a waste . deleted it .	negative	purchasing
time	i really like her series of never's . i wasn't interested in these characters nor the romance . i felt let down .	negative	sequence
time	overuse of the f bomb , tired portrayal of wallstreet , ten yrs ago would have been rated xf . this movie	negative	annum
price	i would recommend this product to everyone because the bible has some life changing stuff in its pages . good reading !	positive	perusal
price	absolutly the most interesting season , it's amazing ! castle and becket is the best couple in the tv ! the best !	positive	cable
price	very inspirational , well written . this is an absorbing book that just can't be put down . i enjoyed it very much .	positive	tome
price	i purchased this product to mix miscellaneous products that don't necessarily require a traditional mixer . it gets the job done .	positive	employment
price	for my grandson and he was pleased	positive	be
price	purchased this replacement keyboard based on cost and recommendation . installed and worked perfectly as expected . no issues so far with performance .	positive	clavier
price	the color of the shirt is really vibrant . the material is soft ans breezy . its a really cute summer shirt .	positive	tank_top
price	it's funny how a modern mindset causes one to automatically see sexuality where it ultimately is not .	positive	masculinity
price	it is a very affordable unit and very effective unit for keeping my battery charged would recommend unitto anyone !	positive	metric
price	you must get this app it is so fun . the game play is really good and the graphics are good .	positive	drawing
price	this worked good . it saved alot of time , but the connectors are not very high quality . i would buy again .	positive	adequacy
price	loved it . i wanted to keep reading so i bought books and . loved them all i recommend these .	positive	textbook
price	nothing to complain about . just good for those who use this product every month	positive	feature
price	this is a great value for a good quality coffee . we go through a lot and have always been pleased .	positive	espresso
price	this is a solid product . i got what i expected and got in in a timely manner .	positive	feature
price	great alternative if you can't spend as much for a littman . works very well even when working with young children .	positive	preschooler
price	the sandalwood has a great aroma and my husband loves the shaving cream and the badger brush . worth the money .	positive	dinero
price	absolutely amazing ! i cannot recommend it enough . demetri martin is one of the funniest comedians around , if not the funniest .	positive	comedienne
price	these glasses are a great shape for sipping sniffing and are much easier to store than big , bulb snifters .	positive	roundness
price	i think it's pretty good . sturdy strong . hope it has a long life can protect my ipad mini .	positive	ghetto
price	supper awesome ! i know that every body would love it soooo much ! i love it so will you !	positive	flesh
price	works well and looks great too , fits the surface tablet very well . i would tell eveyone to get one great	positive	superficies
price	great product . used it to cook hamburgers and they turned out just great . not grease soaked . thanks . recommend highly .	positive	thank_you
price	i no longer need to nag the kids to turn on the fan	positive	blower
price	simple design , quality leather and manufacturingthat work to keep tool safe and at hand ready to gowhen needed	positive	cowhide
price	my granddaughter loves it . how can i tell you anything when i have not used the book or read it .	positive	tome
price	my grandson really loved it ! . arrived in plenty of time for christmas . had a lot of fun putting it together hope stasiak	positive	flood
price	my family loves catan . we play with friends and our year old kids . this is a great strategy game .	positive	preschooler
price	fantastic bra for running , none better . the girls don't move , not even a tiny bit .	positive	gal
price	kaufman fabrics are a high quality fabric manufacturer . the kona cottons by kaufman are one of basics for the quilter .	positive	carmaker
price	i found it thorough and compelling . it covered the history , the present , the sites to see and the things to experience	positive	premises
price	excellent story of world war ii and the families and countries involved . kept my interest and something i read quickly .	positive	folktale
price	we really liked how this movie tied all the individual avengers together , yet they all remained true to their characters !	positive	documentary
price	it is fun but sometimes harder . i would not get it for like and under . but it is freeereeeeeee	positive	obtain
price	don't know how it feels but my wife says it is the greatest and it looks good on her . buy	positive	missus
price	item was just was listedeasy to apply and very useful . the items i apply to the pad stay put .	positive	sojourn
price	wanted something to secure my helmet or jacket when i don't feel like using my topcase . this thing works great	positive	casque
price	the cover is a good fit , only a little difficult to put on . other than that great product . great value !	positive	feature
price	they're awesome ! i'm a size and they fit pretty good for a size . . i love them ! pretty cool	positive	length
price	great for when the grandkids are napping and very loud people are around	positive	folks
price	easy to use and works great . would definitely get again if i had to . comes with power cord as well .	positive	puissance
price	item went on smoothly . no bubbles ! wish it had a more mirror affect when ppl are looking over my shoulder .	positive	froth
price	blue sky hammocks with mosquito net is very comfortable and easley set up	positive	gnat
price	works very good . we use it for surfing and it keeps our faces from getting burned . the product met my expectations .	positive	anticipation
price	nice big container , and very clean , i hopee to buy more for them in the future if they want more	positive	receptacle
price	always on the hunt for good music to reference when demoing loudspeakers , this was recomending by a friend , great tracks .	positive	tannoy
price	yes , i would recommend this boot . i lake it very mush ! it really is women's western slouchy cowboy boots ! satisfied	positive	cowgirl
price	these three books were excellent reading ! i've enjoyed this series more than any other besides the original jane austen books .	positive	perusal
price	i would like to share a review with you about this thing but i have no idea what it is .	negative	concept
price	this looks like the dumbest and most disgusting ever and i havent even got it and it seems so deranged	negative	sicken
price	mine fell off a clean wall and folded over itself on the floor . game over . garbage can . it can't be separated .	negative	parquet
price	i couldn't get either of the two smooth enough . took them both off . what a waste of money !	negative	dinero
price	i bought this because our whole family enjoyed the original schott's miscellany but this one isn't as good .	negative	menage_a_trois
price	the seat covers that i ordered for my truck where garbage , they were ripped and did not fit my truck	negative	camion
price	the side pocket zipper doesn't close ! good size fits dsc hx and all his acessories .	negative	length
price	the tablet was outdated didn't worked correctly and it eventually broke down worst purchase ever was okay when it worked	negative	purchasing
price	same as my other review same girl same work out i can burn one out and still have left	negative	lass
price	the material was beautiful and the cut was great but the sleeves hung down to me fingertips . what a shame !	negative	long_sleeve
price	this brand is difficult to find in the retail stores so i am happy it is available to purchase online	negative	boutique
price	very small and thin , they don't look or feel real . not worth the money paid for these crappy slices . beware	negative	dinero
price	one belt was the other pelt was	negative	mink
price	phone clarity could be better . occasionally i will get feedback while talking . it sounds like an echo .	negative	handset
price	the phone sounds is low . speaker phone sounds distorted . volume level low gary b renner as submitted by me myself	negative	handset
price	don't trust ge's sigma . i bought . one doesn't work now . the other has problems too .	negative	job
price	this is not real crocodile . the case started to crack and come apart within two weeks of me using it .	negative	shivah
price	these projects don't really interest me . the pure vanilla extract seems interesting . i might try some but i don't know .	negative	assignment
price	this mildew cleaner doesnt work no better than bleach , last time i will buy this product . a total waste of money !	negative	dinero
price	you get what you pay for well this wasn't even worth any bit of what i paid junk	negative	slack
price	it is very hard to put on and close the clasp , left handed or right handed . bracelet is very large .	negative	fork_over
price	lots of fonts but the majority were minor variation on a standard theme . in other words wame thing over and over .	negative	helvetica
price	this wound up in the dumpster after one season . china makes the very best ?	negative	whitsuntide
price	this product did not even work an was for my babys christmas gift was very angry do not buy this	negative	donation
price	it is what it claims to be , but for personal use i found the rest cushioning to be too firm .	negative	leftover
price	the book is full of self important drivel . as a result , it lacks clarity and coherence .	negative	rubbish
price	wife says this item is very pretty and stayed in one piece , but it started to rust . would not recommend .	negative	missus
price	not very effective . will not grab dog hair as hoped .	negative	coiffure
price	i couldn't get through it . the worst movie i have ever seen .	negative	documentary
price	ok but didn't like the smell .	negative	scent
price	lacked the wonder of her other two books in this trilogy . the writing was flat and of not much interest	negative	redaction
price	i was trying to buy these for an adult . maybe a bad idea , but anyway , they are too small . fooey .	negative	concept
price	new and improved design has me shopping for another vertical holder for my android . the previous design was much better .	negative	planning
price	this item quit working after less than a year and i hardly ever used it ! do not buy this !	negative	incidental
price	i started scanning over the architect stuff . then started scanning the serial murder stuff . and then just stopped opening it al together .	negative	landscaper
price	item was different than what i received and it was also too large . cheap lace galore . just dont buy this .	negative	incidental
price	i ordered a lgip n battery , but i received a different model , much bigger ! it does not fit in my phone	negative	handset
price	poor ai , ugly pointless language , bad hitboxes and a lame story . i didn't like this game .	negative	words
price	to short skirt and sleeves to tight	negative	long_sleeve
price	don't waste your time . confusing . our book group didn't care for it . the back and forth was not worth the effort .	negative	striving
price	the download wouldn't work . i was disappointed with the purchase , i wouldn't recommend it to anyone to buy the game .	negative	purchasing
price	this shoes keeps scraping at the back of my heel and they have very little arch support for my feet .	negative	wedge
price	battery is old and didn't hold much of a charge after four weeks of use compared to my original battery .	negative	shivah
price	i agree with jessi walters it looks good but is not that good of a product	negative	feature
price	one leg split on it's first use , i had to wrap it in duct tape to get my kayak home .	negative	peg
price	these candles were supposed to be none drip or at least slow burning . they almost started the candelabras on fire !	negative	conflagration
price	its the bleeding through the whole cd . plain in simple . its the new genre garbage metal	negative	iron
price	i did not like this movie at all and l returned it to you , and so on and so on .	negative	documentary
price	i have purchased these socks many times and have always repurchased as needed . these sox do not fit as well .	negative	anklets
price	i didn't get the one i wanted . it was not grey , and it was not what it's in the picture .	negative	graphic
quality	excellent product . it's worth the money . i bought it for a present and my sister is very happy with it	positive	dinero
quality	she's dome it again . what a great collection of songs with one bette r than the next .	positive	assortment
quality	another great book by karen kingsbury ! i am going to hate it when the baxters are no longer around !	positive	tome
quality	the tutu came quickly in the mail . it will be perfect for my daughter's birthday party .	positive	express
quality	my son referred me to this book and it is a keeper . amazing concept amd so true . elaine in texas !	positive	notion
quality	very good story kept me interested , i could hardly put it down !	positive	folk_tale
quality	i have always been a fan of belva plain . she is a great storyteller and this is a great book	positive	blower
quality	i got an a in the class and i learn a lot about how women are treated here in america	positive	lady
quality	thanks for the promt service . my book was a defined in good shape .	positive	thank_you
quality	good thriller lot of violence , backstaeping , sex who do you trust ? one of the best so far . a good finsh and a good twist .	positive	intercourse
quality	this is how fuji should have made it from the beginning . love this kit . this is the kit to purchase .	positive	start
quality	enjoyable easy reading , i will continue to follow alexa grace , books	positive	perusal
quality	good colors , but the cutting tool is not good , you will need a scissors . . . . . . .	positive	shears
quality	great books i really enjoyed these books they really lead you in to many different crimes it is very interesting	positive	infraction
quality	watch your back . i'll be waiting . come out and play . it's nice out . i'm going to kill you . impression of herobrine	positive	hunch
quality	useful for my iphone that run out of battery way too fast	positive	jog
quality	nice size for the lockerts representing a special initial of a special person . would be ordering another initial soon ya !	positive	length
quality	they worked perfectly , i used them on a long planned vacation . i did not notice any difference from the original	positive	distinction
quality	the best shrinky dink paper out there . will continue to purchase this brand for crafts for my nd grade classroom .	positive	handicraft
quality	this electric knife has enough torque to filet redfish cleanly . the assortment of blades makes it very versatile and effective .	positive	selection
quality	this product is excellent . it is easy to place over the mattress and is extremely comfortable .	positive	futon
quality	super soft and plush , no lint , easy to use and they wash well ! would will buy again when needed .	positive	get
quality	a very nice and quiet fan . easy installation	positive	blower
quality	does the job and smells pretty good too ! this brand is moderately priced and works just as well as others .	positive	employment
quality	i bought this bt headset , it is working good so far and i am please with its performance .	positive	theatrical
quality	was almost half the price i saw at christmas time . i know my daughter will enjoy it next christmas !	positive	assessment
quality	this was a great movie . the action was really good . tom cruise always makes great movies . story line was good .	positive	row
quality	bought this as a gift for hubby he loves it ! very sturdy hardback book . great addition to his reading collection .	positive	perusal
quality	this case is super cute . i love it ! i get compliments on it every time that i use the case .	positive	obtain
quality	strong paracord rated at lbs does exactly what is advertised . i used mine to wrap around a survival knife .	positive	coalpit
quality	this novel kept my attention to the end . i will check out other of brett battles novels in the future .	positive	attentiveness
quality	works great , heats up fast , does not singe your hair . overall very pleased with purchase . like the adjustable heat settings	positive	purchasing
quality	amazed that love this game i love animals can i fool you . i really really love animals . so get it	positive	pet
quality	i've not encountered the de lamination issues other reviewers have mentioned . i love the drawstring laces very cool . comfy , too !	positive	shoe_lace
quality	greeeat book ! real page turner i'd highly recommend this book to any reader of any agebrilliant ! simply brilliant	positive	tome
quality	here are some name ideas daisypetalweedwhiskerfireblazebearclawleafleafoxygenfaceheliumtailand many , many more ! leader names darkstarleafstartrailstarmaggotstarand many more ! apprentices sparrowpawstarlingpawweedpawand many more ! swordstarp . s . please don't take my name !	positive	appellation
quality	everything described is accurate . works like a champ . pumps fast and quietly . comes with hose adapter so none needed . recommended .	positive	sock
quality	i liked this book because the friendship is a good thing to help me remember my great friendship with ava	positive	tome
quality	exactly what my husband was looking for . fit the gun perfectly . my husband has used this and absolutely loves it !	positive	firearm
quality	once again , steve hall has outdone himself with the beauty of the music on this cd ! just wonderful !	positive	concourse
quality	interesting book with a good non mathematical approach ! i recommend this book highly . easy read too . nothing proven of course .	positive	elective
quality	nice product , just as the picture shows it . it is nice for a gift but not a high end plush	positive	donation
quality	excellent for carrying the cell in pants pocket , ans the stand it's a plus , good material , good option . muy recomendado .	positive	paper
quality	good deal . wife loves it .	positive	missus
quality	this is my favorite video that i have bought so far . great workout in just minutes .	positive	calisthenics
quality	this fits perfectly on my macbook pro , and i have no connecting problems at all . overall it's a great product !	positive	feature
quality	it does not provide the extreme caffeine rush and crash like many of the pre workout drinks on the market do .	positive	calisthenics
quality	i recommend this book to anyone who is interested in keeping their brain healthy for many years to come !	positive	tome
quality	this poster is sweet . to bad the seller falsely advertised the size . it wasn't exactly x .	positive	length
quality	this book can teach visual basic for beginners , but it doesn't teach like it says object oriented programming .	negative	newbie
quality	i would have like to been told that this requires the cd in order to play !	negative	announce
quality	i did not care for it . not my cup of tea . i prefer a more believable story with better characters .	negative	cuppa
quality	warning , warning ! you are treading on glam territory !	negative	jurisdiction
quality	it is possible because of the industrial vietnamese because i rated my size m but came by big toe	negative	hallux
quality	its unclear as to what to do with it . there are no directions that i can find . thank you for	negative	heading
quality	this roller frame doesn't have a roller with it . very disappointed , nowhere does it state it is just a frame .	negative	chase
quality	it is a shoe but ran to short for comfort for me . i would have love to keep them otherwise .	negative	sneaker
quality	there wasn't much interatction with the program . my year old granddaughter ired of it quickly , basically it bored her .	negative	agenda
quality	this adapter does not work with the hi camcorder video cassets that i want to play on my vhs player	negative	footballer
quality	i purchased at the end of february and the lamp did not last months . don't waste your money . ridiculous	negative	dinero
quality	lots of helpful information . explained the difference between the various diets . help determining which diet best for you . but no recipes are given	negative	distinction
quality	not needed , since i returned the kindle .	negative	revisit
quality	way below expectations . go ahead and rent the movie but do not buy it ! waste of money !	negative	dinero
quality	love the look . run small	negative	leer
quality	not even one pound lost the weight might be depend your body , for my sister didn't work at all , wasted her money .	negative	dinero
quality	it ran out off color after week . not worth the money even being how cheap it isdon't buy it .	negative	dinero
quality	when i confirmed my purchase i thought this was pure silver . very dissapointed to find out that it was clad .	negative	purchasing
quality	watched this once . didn't like it . gave it to charity . hope they found someone to like it more than i .	negative	philanthropic_foundation
quality	ordered a cake saver and received a veggie tray . not what i ordered . for the section veggie tray it was ok .	negative	article
quality	memory foam pillow is too stiff and uncomfortable for me . would not recommend it unless you want a stiff pillow .	negative	reminiscence
quality	it falls apart so easily it is ok on its own but impossible to stack	negative	be
quality	this does not remove spider veins like it said .	negative	tarantula
quality	these cables are not the cables pictured . they are not samsung cables and do not fit in some samsung phones .	negative	handset
quality	none of the three i purchased functioned for over a week . real disappointment . guess you get what you pay for .	negative	rag
quality	i need more info about the book and author before i'd buy it .	negative	details
quality	awful ! no phone reception ! phone became hot ! glitter flaked off first day ! charged x ! cheap looking ! don't waste your money !	negative	dinero
quality	i returned this planter . while it was very pretty it was way to heavy for my purpose . sorry i couldn't use it .	negative	final_cause
quality	a video game on paper . levels and all . read one , read 'em all . won't have to read it again .	negative	newsprint
quality	easy to install and product was exactly as specified . however , it only worked for months and then it died .	negative	feature
quality	it is slow and not nearly as good as the other running games out there . do not waste your time .	negative	cards
quality	not what i was expecting is very limited use i'm not sending back because i'm lazy to do it .	negative	be
quality	image is down and the right too far off for display to correct without losing sync . no tech support .	negative	picture
quality	not the greatest product . it looks like stainless steel but it's just plastic . it leaks and the metal inside rusts .	negative	iron
quality	did not work as advertised . we are in the process of returning it . very disappointed . and very boring to use .	negative	routine
quality	what does that little girl think humf actually i'm honestly tee hee i am so awesome oh yeah uhhuh .	negative	lass
quality	i have the exact tablet listed and it did not fit was way too big to use on this model	negative	slate
quality	litter still got tracked everywhere ! do not recommend ! it is very stiff and resembles astro terf . not attractive or effective .	negative	be
quality	worst app ever they took temple run and made it stupid by adding chezzy grafics and it is completely retarded .	negative	pagoda
quality	it said it was a hardback book but i got a paperback book . i feel cheated , need i say more ?	negative	tome
quality	the case was smaller than i expected did not feel as stable as i needed . i'm returning this item .	negative	incidental
quality	i'm sure this product would be great , if it ever arrived , its been over a month and i'm still waiting	negative	feature
quality	it is no different than teflon . worst pan for the price ! i would have given it zero stars if possible	negative	assessment
quality	wanted no panty lines , but they are definitely there . would not buy these if that is a concern . really bummed .	negative	row
quality	this is not for ears . it is forehead only . also the cap does not stay on .	negative	mortarboard
quality	another retread of songs capitolizing on the abba name . nothing onthis one is memorable .	negative	appellation
quality	slots on this are too large . cds fall out when you are driving . i would not buy again . weak sauce	negative	gravy
quality	these did not work well for me what so ever . vey difficult to apply and painful to remove as well .	negative	eliminate
quality	did not enjoy , my son was confused trying to read it , maybe he's too young . thought it would be funnier .	negative	jr
money	product arrived very quickly . love this product . it comes in handy all the time with work and at home . great product .	positive	feature
money	works as advertised and at a resonable price . item shipped quickly . like the idea of not needing batteries .	positive	concept
money	love it ! works like it says and did not have any problems with it . that should be my words	positive	adore
money	as it is pictured . very comfortable . will buy again from this seller . can be worn as fashion or wedding .	positive	lifestyle
money	spongebob squarepants is my kids favorite show . they watch it . its fun for the whole family to watch together too . love it !	positive	preschooler
money	saves time searching for answers and cuts out all the fluff . a must have for paper writing .	positive	newsprint
money	these are very sexy boots ! a little higher heel than i've worn before but they fit great and look great !	positive	wedge
money	i love jackie's music very much , and in this albom the tunes are great . jack de jonette plays drums here fantastic .	positive	tambour
money	would see more of it , no hero worship here . but the im partial to british programs grittier and sometimes funny .	positive	scheme
money	good protection , perfect fit . i recommend this protector as top quality among other similar products . anger is a responsive company .	positive	adequacy
money	i found the secret to be very informative and thought provoking .	positive	confidence
money	love this product happy with my decision . sound heres perfect coldnt been happier with this cable in this product .	positive	feature
money	love them and will watch all of these series . great acting and rich story line and very interesting and catchy !	positive	row
money	allen edmonds never need breaking in . plus they are american made . a rareity in today' world . i highly recommend them .	positive	nature
money	dvds arrived in perfect condition . this is a fun workout and really does make you sweat	positive	calisthenics
money	i have a lot of running shoes and these adidas microbounce are awesome kicksgreat looking , great fitting and great price	positive	assessment
money	this item was awesome the cake turned out beautiful . anyone having a disco themed event i would recommend this product .	positive	occurrence
money	sturdy ! heavy metal frame with all the mounting parts well made and a great price for my tv	positive	iron
money	the book was spell bounding . the characters took on images of individuals one could relate to .	positive	picture
money	a must read ! the mayfair witches are a fascinating family and it's wonderful to read about where lasher came from .	positive	menage_a_trois
money	roseanne is fun to watch and what better episodes than the halloween specials ! hours of laughs !	positive	chuckle
money	as always dog dvds are intense and action packed . son loved it ! watches it often . will reorder other dog dvds	positive	puppy
money	all i have to say is when i started reading it i didn't put it down until it was finished	positive	be
money	this is a great watch and delivery was very quick .	positive	consignment
money	very good book kept me interested	positive	tome
money	the color of the lapis is a rich , deep blue . the silver scroll work is gorgeous . definitely a keeper .	positive	cerulean
money	this game is so relaxing . i like the different boards to choose from and i even like the background music .	positive	tune
money	this is awesome . probahly the best . it reminded me of battlefield heroes . the hest thing you can do is download it .	positive	be
money	fuel gel worked very well , lasted longer than i expected . good value as well .	positive	combustible
money	i am a teacher , and am reading all the junie b books to my class . we all enjoy them immensely .	positive	tutor
money	my six year old daughter just loves the illustrations ! i also enjoy the book myself . this is a keepsake classic !	positive	tome
money	i put that s on everything ! there's nothing better and of course it's heinz two of the best coming together !	positive	elective
money	loved them , light , modern design , looks like real glassware , safe , perfect for outdoors , pool , or just for the everyday use	positive	planning
money	this little book is packed with full information that i found very helpful and was glad that i got it .	positive	news
money	a fabulously entertaining and interesting read , couldn't put it downi think it's a best sellerhope it's not her last book	positive	tome
money	absolutely amazing ! i cannot recommend it enough . demetri martin is one of the funniest comedians around , if not the funniest .	positive	comedienne
money	this is a hardcore , gritty real look at sci fi . the ultimate anti hero smashing a bloody path across space .	positive	leer
money	i like this book it touches me it's emotional but kinda a thrill and i liked it very muchreally	positive	tome
money	eventhough took a little long but it was well worth it due to the quality of the unit and price .	positive	adequacy
money	i keep it close to me just in case i need it for defending myself . my fiance bought it for me .	positive	continue
money	this eyelash curler has a great spring action which allows for easy grip release of your eyelash without sticking .	positive	swordplay
money	very good quality . worth taking a look at if you enjoy forensic type shows .	positive	adequacy
money	works exactly as promised . no issues . easy to set up and use . prompt delivery . would definitely recommend to a friend .	positive	consignment
money	i installed this on a bit vista laptop . it worked very well . i did not have any issues at all .	positive	coast
money	i absolutely loved this series . left me wanting to keep reading about alex and olivia long after the book was over !	positive	sequence
money	this author always writes some crazy s . i like it though . it's one of those books you can't put down .	positive	novelist
money	shirt is even cooler in person . super thick and rugged shirt just like the german team .	positive	tank_top
money	nice drills , good starting points , some what repetitious in longer shorter variations but good challenges . work for indoor bike well	positive	scrambler
money	very nice , lightweight backpack with many pockets that can be used for goggles , helmet , hydro pack and many other things .	positive	casque
money	product is as described and well priced . item used in my aimpoint optic . item has great shelf life , fresh manufacture .	positive	production
money	but the liberal bias is ridiculous . why would you allow liberal bias to ruin a good opportunity to teach people ?	negative	folks
money	this deodorant has an odor of its own ! none of this spicy , gender neutral crap it flat out stinks .	negative	masculine
money	very un com for ta ble to w e a r it's really b a d to deal with . ya	negative	discuss
money	this was flimsy and cheap . don't buy it .	negative	be
money	used as instructed but it did not work very well . ended up purchasing new grills . would not buy again .	negative	culminate
money	blackness of print is not there . i hope it prints more pages but mi doubt it . something wrong with the cartridge . not happy .	negative	cartouche
money	seems like a funny game , but i don't know because i can't get control . the tilt sensor is too sensitive .	negative	photocell
money	i bought of them . and the second one i bought does not work now . very disappointed with the product .	negative	feature
money	got as a x mas gift for my catthe switch works when it wants to , very cheapavoid this cheap product	negative	toggle
money	this album is terrible . the music stinks , and i only bought it for the aaliyah song on it . goodness . thank you	negative	anthem
money	not the best reception worked the first day and after i drove the truck a couple times it stopped working	negative	camion
money	just another fad ! diet , unhealthy , at best !	negative	vegetarianism
money	maybe a bad children's book ? i am sorry i bought this book . i wish i knew how to delete it .	negative	tome
money	not happy that it says that it fits ipad but it doesn't fit at all only fits ipad	negative	mention
money	this sucked especially laceing it your self to small and hurt her cuiter lol just didnt like it at all	negative	anima
money	made in china just not the quality i expected flimsy and the buckle is made for a larger breed dog	negative	puppy
money	i was told this would work with blackmagic cinema pocket camera and it does not . skipped frames and very slow .	negative	silver_screen
money	hurts your armpits really bad .	negative	throb
money	just not really a good idea . i feel like it glorifies drinking . im just not into that . interesting idea though .	negative	concept
money	it was not what i was looking for personally . i was looking more for something in regards to the glycemic load .	negative	millstone
money	the stories themselves were ok . though very burdened with words . too many and too complex for such a simple story .	negative	folk_tale
money	this item quit working after less than a year and i hardly ever used it ! do not buy this !	negative	incidental
money	had uninstall after it refused every attempt to create password ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?	negative	striving
money	dont buy it . the basketball is shaped like an egg . it does not serve the purpose it was supposed to	negative	roe
money	extra small was too larger . never thought i would say that . i wished it would have fit me .	negative	think
money	i received the item embroidered in the wrong color and the quality of the embroidery was not very good either .	negative	shade
money	the game will only play levels and then it will crash , any levels there is no way around .	negative	high
money	overpriced junk ! buy at your own risk ! buy your mounts in game if you really want one ! not this way !	negative	cards
money	it doesn't work . at first it charges when i plug it in then it stops and says it's not compatible	negative	job
money	strange plot . didn't really have a point and the characters were in a word bizarre . not my cup of tea .	negative	cuppa
money	just received pants . not item pictured . they are light blue with white strips down the sides . no pockets at all .	negative	cerulean
money	don't buy it . any other site can give the same info . for free . it's repetitive .	negative	details
money	if the cubes are placed in a warm room temp liquidsuch as scotch or red wine they immediatly get warm too !	negative	plonk
money	they don't really grip the pavement too good .	negative	embrace
money	i was sent the wrong item . i asked for white v necks not crew necks . completely oblivious to what was ordered .	negative	incidental
money	purchased the led light lamp it lasted days before it broke . the spiral rod broke . very very disappointed !	negative	candle
money	hi , this case does not hold it shape , therefore it fails to stay on the phone . however , the color is nice .	negative	roundness
money	poor quality , wasn't was i was expected . i got exactly what i paid for . i would not recommend this boot .	negative	adequacy
money	poorly made does not get hot enough to dry your hair	negative	coiffure
money	could not get it to print to my canon printer very limited printer choices	negative	favourite
money	not what i needed at all . very little useful information , could not tell from preview . not searchable , no road maps .	negative	highway
money	this was a funny cool book . i think kids all over the world should read it . the best book ever	negative	preschooler
money	the description made this seem too good to be true , but it never fit properly in my old computer , sadly .	negative	specification
money	dont order , it does do anything helpfulthat was listed on its description . don't order it find something else . thanks	negative	thank_you
money	after using this product a total of perhaps a dozen times , it will not longer recharge .	negative	feature
money	it was dirty like someone drew on it want some of the paint was gone like they picked it off .	negative	semigloss
money	when i got the phone cover it did not fit my phone so i was disappointed with the phone purchase .	negative	purchasing
money	i thought i was buying itune gift cards and was really disappointed to find out that they weren't .	negative	donation
money	love colors , but don't stay connected . wish it would have worked . ordering another . we will see . trial and error . hard shell better .	negative	sojourn
game	make sure it's the right one for your camera and it'll work great for you just like the real thing .	positive	box_kodak
game	it is a large beautiful brooch . i purchased it as an accent on my wedding dress . it should be perfect .	positive	gown
game	good story line but ending was expected and just as good when it came about , loved the snow theme interesting	positive	row
game	this is good clean fun for young people . our daughter loves it . this is your typical boy band but cleaner .	positive	folks
game	this product arrived quickly and works very well . the price is competitive . the color makes it easy to be located .	positive	shade
game	very easy to read a really entertaining novel that contains romance cleverly mixed with teen angst .	positive	intrigue
game	great song ! i can't believe it took me this long to find it !	positive	anthem
game	does exactly what it says on the tin measures both ph of the coolant and the anti freeze protection .	positive	acidity
game	cute lil . leprechaun my baby is yrs old and carries him around ! to eat to watch tv , stores	positive	boutique
game	this ebook is very informative with clear photos of finished projects and clear instructions for making the gloves at home .	positive	snapshot
game	got this in subscribe and save for my mom , she loves it ! she can't find it any of the stores .	positive	boutique
game	exactly what i wanted . its quiet . practically heats the whole first floor of my cape cod . and it looks great .	positive	parquet
game	arrived on time , toms were in perfect condition . i love these shoes and i will order again from this vendor .	positive	dealer
game	this lights up my hallway , everyone comments about it . a great buy , i would recommend this product . it looks expensive .	positive	candlelight
game	the lodge pre seasoned skillet is fantastic ! it cooks everything evenly and cleans up well with minimal scrubbing . above par product .	positive	mopping
game	works great thank you i suggest buying it did the job and hold up great no more power issues here	positive	puissance
game	too warm to use right now , but looks very cute and warm . i am sure our pups will love it !	positive	puppy
game	sad ! life was so hard just a short while ago . people have forgotten very memorable characters sad sad sad sad sad	positive	folks
game	did they just steal this from hbo's crashbox show and switch it up a bit ? just asking , don't be offended .	positive	thieve
game	the leather case card holder flip case cover is great ! i love the color and it's easy to clean	positive	cowhide
game	stark but moving . a train wreck of a story but a beautiful journey . captivates all the through to the end .	positive	voyage
game	its hard for me to find size . i am very happy that i found it here . also very good selection .	positive	length
game	this product worked out well . it fit the instrument and was very convenient to purchase . it is a good fit .	positive	weapon
game	this sucker is strong . it did what it should and a good price point what more could you ask for .	positive	assessment
game	i downloaded for my year old amp now he luvs it whoever made it is a child geneouse thanks . xoxoxo	positive	thank_you
game	the sharpener is one of the best i have used . i love how smooth is sharpens my eye pencils .	positive	strop
game	my little mermaid wouldn't be complete without these cute shoes ! they run a little wide , but my daughter doesn't mind !	positive	subconscious
game	im looking just the frame of my canopy the size is x pls let me know how much . eugene pascual	positive	length
game	perfect for small pruning and flower arranging tasks . do not put them , they are so great . they walk away .	positive	peony
game	worth watching every minute ! my girlfriend and i chose this over the hobbit and thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it .	positive	observe
game	i loved her song on the kennedy awards and just had to have her cds . her quivering voice is exceptional .	positive	anthem
game	had to use googleearth to keep up with all his travels . enjoyed this approach and actually learned a few things .	positive	journeying
game	thanks for the monitor . it works really well and is easy to use . instructions for use is very clear too .	positive	thank_you
game	i highly recommend this hemp cereal and cereal bars . they are both fantastic . the pumpkin flax cereal is amazing too .	positive	oat
game	this is a great product to protect the phone but the belt click needs work , it broke after two days	positive	handset
game	i bought this shirt as a just because for myself and it fit perfectly . it's my new favorite shirt	positive	tank_top
game	this product is excellent . it is easy to place over the mattress and is extremely comfortable .	positive	futon
game	i think that the product is very good for being in a can . we are used to a jar . but . thank you .	positive	feature
game	congratulations to the great cast for their grammy nom for the across the universe soundtrack ! very well done .	positive	nature
game	very nice item and it works great !	positive	incidental
game	inspiring ! a must read book for everyonewho ever had some tough timeshe is so brave ! bring along the tissue box !	positive	carton
game	this acer netbook is extremely portable , has a decent battery life and does everything my laptop does .	positive	ghetto
game	works great . i am glad i was able to find some ink for my printer and save money too . thank you	positive	dinero
game	great ! no problems here .	positive	balance-of-payments_problem
game	i had bought a kc shirt before . as always , if the price is gd , they are great buy . very comfortable .	positive	tank_top
game	fits nicely in your hand , is light as a feather glides smoothly across all tablets . the pen writes easily .	positive	ballpoint
game	hard to find batteries for my high intensity flashlight . these last longer than most . alternatively get rechargeable ones to use .	positive	candlepower
game	good little story that actually has a happy ending for all involved . something even a child could read and enjoy	positive	toddler
game	this is an absolutely wonderful tool for teaching ages yrs the songs we all know and love as christians .	positive	lecturing
game	it's about trains in the uk and not relevant to trains here in the usa . therefore i don't recommend it .	negative	blighty
game	the keyboard we received didn't look like the one in the product photo . we were very disappointed with the product .	negative	clavier
game	this app crashes one opening screen on my droid x . i do hope there is a fix for it soon ,	negative	dog's_breakfast
game	i never received this product . please find out why and let me know the status . thank you .	negative	feature
game	i deleted this after several chapters . i was bored and not entertianed by the story . i did not get it .	negative	folk_tale
game	unless you are smaller than a size , this is not going to fit you . way , way , way too small !	negative	length
game	too basic and too repetitive . i would have enjoyed more insights and more sources . the combined title cover the same info .	negative	details
game	if you are cool with someone putting you down then go right ahead and read it .	negative	circulate
game	it is very big to load it and it is not practices of managing . i am not reommended . lost money	negative	dinero
game	no subtitles , audio is just ch dloby digital . kultur should have been done much better ! no complain about stage and musical	negative	diplotene
game	doesn't fit the screen . hard to use a screen protector when it doesn't fit . will not buy these kind again .	negative	guard
game	don't like the way it mounts and don't feel confadent it will hold my phone under hard braking and corrnering .	negative	handset
game	what self serving drivel . please . i would give a negative star rating if i could . what a waste of time .	negative	rubbish
game	it broke right when i took it out of the package ! it isn't fixable . don't waste your time or money .	negative	dinero
game	it's not good for me . i felt it's little flat and not comfortable . so i don't use these pillows now .	negative	bolster
game	whey were not the same as the picture , nor curved , just straight and did not fit at all	negative	graphic
game	disgusting ! the yo mom's jokes were okay . you could have done better . i am ashamed . please try work hard .	negative	funny
game	bought this inexpensive camera to connect to my mac mini . the picture quality is okay . the microphone does not work .	negative	adequacy
game	don't buy these ! you'll never receive them . if it seems too good to be true , it probably is . buyer beware !	negative	orderer
game	this product charges batteries for over a day . i believe it sucks but ok for back up i guess . a	negative	tomorrow
game	app was deleted , too confusing to learn and not that easy . didn't quite understand the workings of it as well .	negative	comprehend
game	too sweet for me . i went with the reviews online . but realized it is not my kind of smellplease don't buy	negative	stock-taking
game	i follow the instructions on how to install it and not even months later it starts to peel off	negative	date
game	the stitching is horrible . it started to fall apart after a month of use . i do not recommend this product .	negative	feature
game	this boot runs very smalli wear size , this was more like a . it was a nice looking boot too .	negative	length
game	cat couldn't be bothered . waste of money . i wish i could have returned it . but i through the box away .	negative	dinero
game	very disappointed in this purchase . there was no information to tell you that you were ordering plays and not movies .	negative	purchasing
game	these are not skullcandy . they're made from a different rubber that doesn't fit and stay like the real headphone rubbers	negative	earplug
game	memory foam pillow is too stiff and uncomfortable for me . would not recommend it unless you want a stiff pillow .	negative	reminiscence
game	cord plug pulled apart after only a couple uses	negative	twine
game	the writing was very stilted , and there were too many characters having too many affairs . the plot was fairly interesting .	negative	redaction
game	the taste was so bad i could not drink it . i see why people loose weight because i was sick .	negative	folks
game	no longer holds a charge . absolutely worthless . looks like a keyboard , though . don't buy it . it is a piece of junk .	negative	clavier
game	does not support charging my ipod touch rd generation , per my ipod touch . waste of my money .	negative	dinero
game	it did not work . returned . return postage . to china .	negative	declaration_of_estimated_tax
game	this was cheaply made and too big to fit inside the travelon essential bag's inside pocket . returned .	negative	be
game	it was a very annoying and boring book not worth my money or time ! wouldn't recommend it to any one	negative	dinero
game	it broke while changing the heads tried to repair it the parts reatached but the changable is stuck on it	negative	human_head
game	its awfully its not worth it sugestion they should pay us to buy it your light will will last longer	negative	sun
game	my dog can't use this harness becouse it is too small . i need a big size for him . thank you	negative	puppy
game	according to the description it should have fit my phone but did not i will have no use for it	negative	handset
game	it sucked , it feels like a heating pad . no results . you might as we go to a real sauna then .	negative	boiling
game	i did not understand how to start . i will try again today today .	negative	comprehend
game	let's just say that i slept throught the whole film . dont waste your money on the village its horrible .	negative	dinero
game	the new update did not work . i installed today , no new levels . please fix and i will rate stars .	negative	high
game	bad things exist in life , let's all cry . wahh . feel better ? what you liked it ? oh well read this book .	negative	tome
game	pants and threadbare and cheap . all of them split at seams	negative	suture
game	not even a hologramthe charge is about of an original battery . it's not worthly	negative	be
game	the touch id plastic part came unglued allowed water in my phone and i now have water under my screen .	negative	handset
game	can't any of you who buy into this see what it's really about ? this is sick .	negative	be
story	i was impressed of the well this garments fits very happy with the purchase definately recommended for the price .	positive	purchasing
story	a great cd to listen to . i wouldn't recommend listening to it on the go however	positive	listen_in
story	it's a darker red than i thought but i still like it .	positive	crimson
story	looking at it you could almost swear it is stalking you sizing you upfor it's next meal .	positive	dinner
story	like the longer length and fabric tip . tried many others , but none work as efficiently as this stylus . good job !	positive	employment
story	would give it stars , but it's a bit confusing on weather the battery is charged . great price . looks great	positive	warming
story	i love this robot shirt for my daughter ! it is very cute and the cotton was very comfy and soft .	positive	tank_top
story	i got my book in a very short amount of time and it was in excellent condition .	positive	tome
story	the product was good and worked fine , i would recommend it to anyone . try it i loved it , thanks alot	positive	thank_you
story	the item was shipped promptly and in condition described . i prefer the kratt pipe .	positive	meerschaum
story	good graphics , controls are responsive . starts out easy but gets challenging . you dont have to make in app purchases . fun	positive	purchasing
story	i was leary because of the price but they were worth every penny . i will be buying again and again	positive	assessment
story	this is a great show ! it looks like we will be watching the whole series . i truly do recommend it	positive	sequence
story	one of the best product hands down on the market for my long colored dry hair , especially considering the price .	positive	coiffure
story	perfect cost x benefit with a lot of features and amazing picture quality . really recommend if you like good pictures .	positive	expense
story	just what i needed . this definitely exceeded my expectations and i would highly recommend it . great value for the price .	positive	anticipation
story	a must read for everyone who wants long lasting success in the industry ! simple easy to understand and follow . awesome !	positive	market
story	it's funny how a modern mindset causes one to automatically see sexuality where it ultimately is not .	positive	masculinity
story	this is the kind of experience that makes a person never settle for mediocrocty ! we loved every minute of it !	positive	man
story	what a thing to imagine , great read ! kept me up almost all night to finish it . something to think about .	positive	envision
story	it arrived in a timely fashion . it was the product i expected . i received filters as ordered . thank ou	positive	life-style
story	this song is for my children . it's the love song for a child every mother wishes she would have written .	positive	mom
story	. , are they out of their minds ? love that mustard but not at those prices . talk about price gouging !	positive	subconscious
story	husband grills out almost every weekend and this thermometer works well with chicken or ribs and he likes it .	positive	hen
story	the spacers fit very well . the directions were very well layed out step bye step . my truck looks much better .	positive	camion
story	i thoroughly enjoyed the first book in the frontiers saga . kept me glued to the pages from beginning to end .	positive	tome
story	love anything michael buble does . if you enjoy listening to him , you'll love this collection of songs . three more words .	positive	assortment
story	if you like stepanie plum you will love this book she is even more crazzy and outrageous than grandma mazur	positive	tome
story	exactly what i expected and needed . easiest thing i have ever used even a moron could use it . skatelife . weouthere .	positive	mongoloid
story	was looking for something quick and effective , this seems to be working , only on it a few weeks .	positive	shivah
story	love terri allard this cd includes most of my favorite songs . order arrived quickly and in good shape . thanks	positive	thank_you
story	works wonderfully and looks exactly like the picture . i like that it is wind up instead of battery . love it .	positive	breeze
story	i love my iphone wallet . it is great when you do not want to carry a full handbag . great price !	positive	etui
story	baby's suction cup with insulation in winter are not afraid of the water cooler like to recommend it to everyone	positive	goblet
story	typical heath . the best in musicianship and arranging . i expected nothing less .	positive	phyllodoce_breweri
story	great addition for my samsung inch lcd hdtv . makes connecting to my cable provider a snap .	positive	purveyor
story	please fix the spelling errorsgood read a little un believable but the good guys win so i am happy	positive	sod
story	its wireless its easy to use , and its half the size of many big boxes that do the same thing	positive	shoebox
story	great live recording at billy bobs ! recommend stoney larue to anyone who likes laid back texas country music ! rock on !	positive	tune
story	awesome book man aaaaaaaaaaaaa a a a a a a a a as a a . a . a . a a a .	positive	tome
story	i highly recommend the sermon in a sentence series . short , pithy prose in an easy to carry pocket size for quick reference .	positive	allusion
story	leaves you wonder where it is going , the writing style is unique , the characters intriging . it is a possible reread	positive	redaction
story	it does not provide the extreme caffeine rush and crash like many of the pre workout drinks on the market do .	positive	calisthenics
story	i have nothing to complain about , perfect , good for the money jewel case ! easy way to organize them	positive	dinero
story	for the money i pay its worth it . function as in the piks . other expencive cases dosent do as this one .	positive	dinero
story	top sip ip conference phone , works great but you need power supply if you don't have power of ethernet switches .	positive	puissance
story	i like to keep a book app on my phone to have my own reader material . this fits the bill .	positive	handset
story	this worked well as a replacement for my htc phone . but their batteries always seem to lose power too quickly .	positive	puissance
story	i'm glad with my new case . is a cute cellphone case . good election i wanna buy the blue one . thanks	positive	thank_you
story	i loved this book it kept my interest so much so that i bought the next three books ! highly recommended !	positive	textbook
story	expected more . it didn't have much substance . it was just so so and cursory . i was expecting much more depth .	negative	material
story	nothing any woman hasn't read in any magazine ever ! a little simplified not much to this book at all	negative	lady
story	try reading liberty and tyranny instead , a better book by far . this is very poorly written , not worth your time .	negative	perusal
story	very awkward to use , safety concern and sharpness is questionable . i plan to return this item very soon . thank you .	negative	security
story	didn't fit well at all ! very disappointed ! going to see if i can sell them on ebay or craig's list	negative	roster
story	simply said , thought these would shed light . but instead , after hours they're dead . thus , my search for light continues	negative	seeking
story	both cards were defective and had to be returned unusable . both cards were defective and had to be returned unusable .	negative	rummy
story	the material underneath is too slippery and won't stay on my leather sofa . the color and top material are good .	negative	divan
story	wrong product in correct package .	negative	feature
story	theese shoes ripped where the sole meets fabric by the second month , wont be buying again .	negative	chiffon
story	this is not a very good material it is not soft its course . just remember ya get what ya pay for .	negative	elective
story	product was described as boiled wool , latex sole , soft wool upper . item received was polyester . item will be returned .	negative	rubber
story	did not mount correctly on engine . the gear would not engage the flywheel . somehow needed to be mounted lower .	negative	pinion
story	plot a bit far fetched . hero too vulnerable , survived only through sheer luck .	negative	misfortune
story	it really was not what i expected it to be . i would not recomend this book to not one at al	negative	tome
story	it says french subtitles . even on blu ray , but , firefly has not french subtitles .	negative	sunbeam
story	directly destroy my car fuse and itself when i connect it with my vacuum . seems this product has no protection .	negative	sedan
story	my wife is using this product more than one month but nothing happend so far . i think , i wasted my money .	negative	dinero
story	can't do this after christmas its a giftwill do this after he gets the gift ! thank you all very much	negative	donation
story	i read the reviews with regrets initially anticipating a good introduction to sap consulting . any recommendations ?	negative	stock-taking
story	it took over a month to get it , then i had to put it outside because of the smoke smell	negative	date
story	are blue , are purple as can be . if you are looking for cobalt blue , these are mostly purple .	negative	cerulean
story	i was very disappointed with this book . the print is so fine you need a magnifying glass to read it .	negative	pyrex
story	they would have probably been ok if i had ordered the correct length	negative	circumference
story	it works ok . i have to leave my nails longer than usual in order for them to be completely dry .	negative	fingernail
story	i chose the wrong case . i have a e ink reader .	negative	bookworm
story	great concept , but doesn't work very well . the stars don't glow bright enough to be seen clearly .	negative	notion
story	doesn't lay correctly as a necklace can see why it was on sale . expect more from kate spade products .	negative	choker
story	if looked as a parady of some other books it was some whatamusing . but very heavy handed .	negative	textbook
story	first time i tried using it the combination messed up , would not recommend buying . i would buy a resettable combination	negative	complexion
story	cheap quality don't buy this a waste of money .	negative	dinero
story	the only reason i gave this app one star is because i can't give it zero stars . waste of money .	negative	dinero
story	i was able to wear them once . after washing , they shrunk shrank ? shrinked ? so much i threw them away .	negative	be
story	this isn't going to sooth anything . the boo boo buddies are much better . this 'thaws' really fast . won't be buying more .	negative	cobber
story	i found it very basic and simple . it has the information that you need without going further on each theme	negative	news
story	just pay a little more for the name brands . they don't look like the picture . the stitching's pretty bad , too .	negative	appellation
story	twice i attempted to order this set . and both times i only received the bracelet . disappointed to say the least	negative	pair
story	this shirt is horrible quality . one sleeve is noticeably smaller than the other , to the point that it is unwearable .	negative	tank_top
story	btr season is not available for us to watch so i cannot rate it ! we like btr a lot !	negative	speed
story	tried kneading it to get it out of the packet , but it hardly budges . not returnable so buyer beware !	negative	orderer
story	i don't like how you need i internet to look at the bible i mean that is very very pointless	negative	glance
story	this movie went overboard on both the quantity and type of violence , we had turned it off after minutes .	negative	documentary
story	low quality cheap wood . i would not recommend spend a little more and get a better quality hutch thank you	negative	poplar
story	i am just not into the realms of science fiction . the plot was awful and lacked credibility , in my view	negative	legitimacy
story	beautiful but doesn't do its job	negative	employment
story	i did not recieve the item can someone explain what is going on ?	negative	incidental
story	i felt zero heat from this pad , it's a waste of time and money . i would not reccommend this item .	negative	dinero
story	very un com for ta ble to w e a r it's really b a d to deal with . ya	negative	discuss
story	but the liberal bias is ridiculous . why would you allow liberal bias to ruin a good opportunity to teach people ?	negative	folks
story	it looked like it might be a good app , but couldn't get it to work on my cruz t tablet	negative	slate
movie	dont string in full bed .	positive	cot
movie	well manufactured switch that is easy setup and a quality product for small to mid size business use . price is right .	positive	toggle
movie	eventhough took a little long but it was well worth it due to the quality of the unit and price .	positive	adequacy
movie	amazing account by an amazing woman . hard to imaging living like that for years ! i highly recommend this book .	positive	lady
movie	just perfect as shown ! i looked at several before choosing this one and i'm very satisfied ! great product , great price !	positive	feature
movie	product working great . thank you !	positive	feature
movie	very nice ! i wish they were cotton it's not super soft but overall a very nice set of hankies .	positive	bandanna
movie	this was a perfect match . thanks so much . for being an older light fixture it is perfectmatchglad i found you	positive	thank_you
movie	my granddaughters love the princesess and this was a great book for their easter basket ! i would recommend this book !	positive	pascha
movie	my husband loves it since he cooks all the bacon . he says it cooks flat and crispy	positive	chef
movie	part fits perfectly . no problem with installation . part is just right . it took about minutes to install in the wall .	positive	wainscoting
movie	i wish i could order more of the same , for my family . good item for the price . very happy with it .	positive	incidental
movie	this book was great . kept my interest all the way through the whole book . i recommend this book to all readers .	positive	tome
movie	they fit my bose headphones , they don't come off , they fit comfortably . they do what they are supposed to do .	positive	earplug
movie	i got this as a gift , my brother loves it ! he wanted a chair for camping and this was perfect !	positive	chaise
movie	extremelly recomend . does worth it ! nice strap . the case becomes a vertical pedestal , easy to fold down . nice price . buy it !	positive	trivet
movie	nephew loves these dinosaurs . they remind me of when i was a kid . thank you for the figures . recommend this	positive	diplodocus
movie	this was book in a book series by this author , i enjoyed all of them very , very much .	positive	novelist
movie	it kept my interest and was a quick read . i really did not guess the villain until almost the end .	positive	knave
movie	your product is good , i really like it . the price is affordable . i hope u can continue your good service .	positive	utility
movie	great for side or back sleeping . very very comfortable . better than any pillow . wish i had discovered this years ago	positive	bolster
movie	this is the best show ever ! must watch for everyone ! love cast and love the storyline ! can't wait for more !	positive	ensemble
movie	these things are strong . actually kind of hard to close the hood now . great price .	positive	assessment
movie	this jacket its a classic work jacket , makes for a good shop jacket . unlined though , so no insulation . very thin .	positive	boutique
movie	this is the one of the best books i have ever read . you should totally get it . best book ever !	positive	textbook
movie	works as well as i had hoped . fits perfectly and looks factory made , can't ask for anything else . thanks alot .	positive	thank_you
movie	the leather case card holder flip case cover is great ! i love the color and it's easy to clean	positive	cowhide
movie	i like the watch , nice looking , dressy , elegant . reliable .	positive	hunter
movie	this os the best book i have ever read next to tommyland very different but bolth very good books	positive	textbook
movie	just what i needed . this definitely exceeded my expectations and i would highly recommend it . great value for the price .	positive	anticipation
movie	i replaced my western digital product with this . very compact and easy to use .	positive	feature
movie	i really liked the camera . its menu options are easy to use . piture quality is gr .	positive	adequacy
movie	i think these are very calming when you have stress in your life . so smooth to hold on your hand .	positive	fist
movie	can't ever find real people to play , but now who needs real people lots of fun yada yada yada	positive	folks
movie	love it i made pillows and pillow cases	positive	bolster
movie	it is very silent . i don't hear the fans . it keeps the laptop cool even after several hours of use .	positive	shift
movie	i put that s on everything ! there's nothing better and of course it's heinz two of the best coming together !	positive	elective
movie	good way to protect your investment from any scratch on the viewer , i recommended it , is cheap and useful .	positive	onlooker
movie	outstandingly written , brilliant pun intended concept . will continue to read and f ok bush the sega once the are out	positive	notion
movie	i got my bed set days early which is alway a plus ! plus it is beautiful and great quality !	positive	cot
movie	i just cooked the lemon chicken . it was easy and everyone loved it ! this cook book purchase was a great idea !	positive	purchasing
movie	came just as i expected used the tweezer method and it stuck on just fine hopefully it stays that way	positive	technique
movie	this worked well as a replacement for my htc phone . but their batteries always seem to lose power too quickly .	positive	puissance
movie	great boredom buster . i'm . a sahm with little nurslings so when i'm pinned down it is good tohave something to . do .	positive	blahs
movie	the press is very durable . it has a nice heft to it and likely to last many many years .	positive	be
movie	i wish i had purchased the . tablet . screen size smaller than i thought . just a little small for my eyes .	positive	length
movie	excellent product . it's worth the money . i bought it for a present and my sister is very happy with it	positive	dinero
movie	my kids loooove this book . they have listened cd included to it so many times they have it memorized .	positive	preschooler
movie	really soft , nice large size . this will be in the family for a very long time . very nice print ! great product !	positive	length
movie	good story line but ending was expected and just as good when it came about , loved the snow theme interesting	positive	row
movie	bought this because i like the singer . unfortunately , it's just too standard country for me . nothing stood out .	negative	rapper
movie	i love nertz card came and the nerts on here is a very good one too , fun fast exciting game	negative	tarot
movie	if you are looking for the original version with the voice synthesizer , this is not it ! i was very disappointed .	negative	androglossia
movie	the dialogue is impossible to understand , the music is horrible , and the plot is nonsense .	negative	tune
movie	not worth the money spent . bought of these and if you drop them they shatter like glass . very fragile .	negative	dinero
movie	pretty crappy . not sparkly and you can see the glue . i would prefer to not have a case at all .	negative	behold
movie	doesn't work , is cheap and didn't sharpen at all . very disappointing and not worth even dealing with in our opinion .	negative	idea
movie	thought it was salt for my salt mill , but was already ground . gave it away . needs better description for customers .	negative	specification
movie	my vodka turned orange brown even though i cleaned the flask before putting anything inside .	negative	canteen
movie	i love the design and color , but it has a chemical or moldy odor that keeps me from using it .	negative	shade
movie	seems its not made for salt water . the magnet slider for the record button will rust and will get stuck	negative	file
movie	i can't give less than .	negative	deliver
movie	to heaven and backthe book was too evangelical . i was looking for objectivity , not a sermon on the mount .	negative	homily
movie	the case was all wrong for the galaxy ii . the openings were on the wrong side and did not fit	negative	hole
movie	to plug in the uk . first time thought it was the wall socket , then realized its a product design problem .	negative	blighty
movie	camera was too slow wouldn't let me take continuous frames . also took too long to focus on the subject .	negative	question
movie	the products are well received other products amazon hate	negative	inventory
movie	i got zero results . maybe it's because i am a guy , but this was worthless . i mean no results whatsoever .	negative	response
movie	the infuser was too small .	negative	be
movie	this product was not what i expected and didn't meet my needs very disappointed i wouldn't recommend for anyone	negative	feature
movie	i put this down after slugging through about a third of the book . just wasn't what i was looking for .	negative	tome
movie	i forced myself to continue with this book , expecting it to improve , but it did not , its just utter crap	negative	tome
movie	i found it very basic and simple . it has the information that you need without going further on each theme	negative	news
movie	narvel is correct . i should not have wasted both the money and time in purchasing and reading this lousy book .	negative	dinero
movie	they're ok . kinda generic . not too bad i guess , just nothin new . i liked them better as the nintendo game .	negative	divination
movie	was not worth the cost of the book . it appears like someone simply copied and pasted the works of others .	negative	expense
movie	even though it said for to years old it was more geared toward and years old .	negative	be
movie	specified in the website when it is a child and junior or this is a childbut this very nice	negative	toddler
movie	the nicest thing i can say about these is that they get the job done and they are light weight .	negative	employment
movie	it did not have the proper parts to assemble the launcher .	negative	bazooka
movie	short and silly . might be good to download if you're looking for a minute mind less quickie to read .	negative	subconscious
movie	this book has very little to do with what the outline said . waste of money and time to read it .	negative	dinero
movie	the grammar was great . the story line was generic at best . kind of glad that this was a free book .	negative	row
movie	it really was not what i expected it to be . i would not recomend this book to not one at al	negative	tome
movie	too small . not true to size . i would not buy this again or recommend it to any of my friends . nope	negative	chum
movie	the ending is horrible . there should have been some forewarning that this is merely an installment . sorry i read it .	negative	be
movie	junk ! didn't last a week . wood split , leg fell off . not good at all . what more should i say ? do not buy .	negative	poplar
movie	i've had this game for some time . it doesn't work well on kindle fire hd and it's not much fun .	negative	conflagration
movie	crashes my optimus v when i try to install it , needless to say i can not comment on the gameplay .	negative	mention
movie	cups size was a way too big so i returned the bra . it's ok bra to lounge not to go out	negative	length
movie	this kit came with many parts , some didn't even fit together correctly and some were rusted . i was very dissapointed !	negative	ditty_bag
movie	too narrow for my feet . comfy otherwise but i can't wear them . loved the colors and the style of then	negative	fit
movie	they were not true to form . i sent them back and ordered a smaller size but never recieved them .	negative	length
movie	thought it would have more repetition . or more memory games	negative	reminiscence
movie	didn't like them ! the top ones look really big fall ! wish i was able to get my money back !	negative	dinero
movie	marginal flashlight . interesting combination of tools . tossed it in my rv . not my go to light for everyday use .	negative	motor_home
movie	i got mine , all excited , and i can't use it because it smells like it has been marinated in gasoline .	negative	napalm
movie	terrible sterilizer . bottles smell burnt after every use . unit always look dirty inside and out no matter how well you clean .	negative	water_bottle
movie	this book comes with a cd and also flash cards . for some reason they were not included with the book .	negative	rummy
movie	i would send it back but the postage is too high think i will give it to someone i hate .	negative	despising
phone	oh my godi can't beleive how good this worksno more shine skinlove love lovesolved my greatest oily skin problem stars !	positive	scalp
phone	love it . still learning to use it , but works well .	positive	adore
phone	i purchased this cd dvd for my grandmother for christmas . she loved it !	positive	nan
phone	the book provides very practical , insightful , and easy to understand perspectives on forgotten and easily implementable practices for modern christians .	positive	world_view
phone	good work from a consistent author . i always like her books . here are the nine more words required required required .	positive	novelist
phone	these pads are great . you can use your own coffee and you save lots of money on the pre packaged pods .	positive	dinero
phone	my grandson loved this book once he turned about months old . before that he had no interest .	positive	tome
phone	super rugged and tough . great for entry or outside of front door .	positive	outdoors
phone	use this with my windows lenovo laptop as well as with my macbook air , no issues for my voip applications .	positive	breath
phone	this book is wonderful . it gives explicit instruction on how to get children interested in reading independently . a great resource	positive	preschooler
phone	very very powerful and uses less water i think . i wish i've purchased this one long ago . makes your work breeze	positive	brine
phone	these are comfortable and sound good . they feel durable and well made , not cheap like some others at this price .	positive	assessment
phone	did the job that i needed to do .	positive	employment
phone	so it staples like one expects . not much more to add . staff member happy so therefore , i am too	positive	office
phone	bought this item used and am very pleased with it . for thge purchase price here in alaska new is .	positive	purchasing
phone	love it my screen is well protected from dirt dust and dirty fingers . recommend it for all laptop owners !	positive	thumb
phone	best game ever that i played on my kindle fire . people who are reading these reviews , buy this game now !	positive	conflagration
phone	bought this hard drive a few years ago on amazon . still working great today !	positive	impetus
phone	excellent sink deep enough for tall pots . well made . well insulated , good sound deadeners . very happy with purchase from ardent .	positive	purchasing
phone	my nephew liked and is playing all the day with it , which is helping him to build his physical fitness .	positive	tomorrow
phone	this is the best work of teen fiction i've ever read . period .	positive	era
phone	i love word games . this helps you learn new , words and meanings to those words . thanks to the developers of their work .	positive	thank_you
phone	i love this book ! i could not even put it down ! i will buy any book sarah palin writes or endorses !	positive	tome
phone	fantastic first class history lesson ! loved it !	positive	denomination
phone	another excellent guide ! clear and straightforward directions , worth the price . i encourage all who are interested to make the purchase .	positive	purchasing
phone	cant complain about the targets . you shoot and they make holes . easy to see your hits not too pricey either !	positive	perforation
phone	simple but effective tool . one of those things that makes you say why didn't i think of this ? works well	positive	drill
phone	loved it ! having a hard time waiting for more ! they just keep getting better and better ! can't wait for more !	positive	moratorium
phone	really good reading . good characters and story lines .	positive	perusal
phone	only had to use one but good already	positive	put
phone	i love this dress ! the size , length and color are perfect for me . wish it cam in more colors though .	positive	gown
phone	this is such a great lightweight face moisturizer with spf ! i wear it everyday and it is just perfect ! love !	positive	crush
phone	this book is very informative and helpful . i learned a lot and i love the lists in the appendix section .	positive	short_list
phone	good read . i think everyone in life has this question and it helps view our situations from a new perspective .	positive	world_view
phone	this game is fun then it gets better . some parts might be hard then it is easy . so that is my comment	positive	mention
phone	the opera glasses came immediately after ordering and the glasses are perfect in size , weight , and appearance for my needs .	positive	poundage
phone	this cd shipped quickly , frankie valli is always a fun listen and this had all the hits that we expected .	positive	safety
phone	this is a great show good family entertainment without all the reality bologna ! the plot story line is wonderful .	positive	row
phone	cute little gnome for all of my red sox loving family members . i gave them as christmas gifts this year .	positive	donation
phone	exactly what i expected and needed . easiest thing i have ever used even a moron could use it . skatelife . weouthere .	positive	mongoloid
phone	oh wow this is such a wonderful dvd so informative such a master .	positive	be
phone	great protection for the ipod . it covers all the edges nicely and helps against cracking or breaking of your device .	positive	appliance
phone	it is very easy to warm up the frozen pizza it islike getting pizza fresh from the oven	positive	broiler
phone	my home printer . scans well and prints well . great product . wish i had started using laserjet before now .	positive	feature
phone	great pens with stylus . very fast shipping . i even ordered another set to send to my daughter in the us navy .	positive	ballpoint
phone	wonderful uplifting stories . very easy lighthearted reading . i would recommend this book to any one who likes lighthearted stories .	positive	perusal
phone	wonderful piece and it will be sure to attract attention . it is well built , very solid and of good quality !	positive	attentiveness
phone	really cute fancy nancy book great christmas story too ! my girls love these books .	positive	gal
phone	i love this book i will read this book over an over . yes indeed , i will tell orher about this book	positive	tome
phone	item was as advertised and delivered fast !	positive	incidental
phone	waste of money . didnt read my tmobile sim card and its cheap and will break easy . dont waste your money on this	negative	dinero
phone	they worked for about two weeks and then they stopped working ! you get what you pay for boo boo boo	negative	shivah
phone	it didn't work . when i connect laptop vga output by using this adapter converter to my tv , it shows nothing .	negative	cable
phone	did not smell like authentic darshan , too perfumy . tried letting it air out and that seemed to help a little	negative	scent
phone	broke out my neck after being outside and sweating . i will wait for cooler weather to use this product again .	negative	hyperhidrosis
phone	i only watched about minutes of this one . i couldn't understand what the actors were saying most of time .	negative	actress
phone	purchased the led light lamp it lasted days before it broke . the spiral rod broke . very very disappointed !	negative	candle
phone	very poorly made . the non stick surface came off with little use and no scrubbing . ave your money for another product .	negative	dinero
phone	this story had to many characters to keep up with and it sucked . i do not recommend . that is all	negative	folktale
phone	cans were bent and cans were bent so badly that they had to be thrown away packing was not good .	negative	beer_can
phone	so anyone can hack into you personal cam and watch you and family while you are safe in your home	negative	menage_a_trois
phone	this is the soundtrack to hell .	negative	dubbing
phone	can we just get the original theatrical versions on bluray ? is it that difficult , are we asking too much ? please .	negative	approximation
phone	nothing , didn't work for me at all . i'm so disappointed after reading all if the reviews . don't waste your money .	negative	dinero
phone	this kit came with many parts , some didn't even fit together correctly and some were rusted . i was very dissapointed !	negative	ditty_bag
phone	this was not funny . i regret getting this . a book needs to be funny before you can call it funny .	negative	tome
phone	it's unlike expected . it's not suitable for men so i don't like this . too tighten my foots . sorryand thanks	negative	thank_you
phone	it was gray instead of snow white . very disappointed in my purchase . also was too big for my steering wheel	negative	purchasing
phone	the writing was very stilted , and there were too many characters having too many affairs . the plot was fairly interesting .	negative	redaction
phone	terrible . its worth when you want it to play quality music , it just doesnt work . trash ! hate it !	negative	adequacy
phone	made in taiwan . the description says that's it is long . not true . i returned and bought the ontario .	negative	specification
phone	this is smelly . smelly like poo .	negative	be
phone	i woke up next to this thing and hide in the basement for hours	negative	shift
phone	very poor quality . made of very poor quality materials . no zippered coin pocket . not a good wallet for children . very dissapointed .	negative	quarter
phone	these must be mismarked . they had eee width for a b product . save yourself the return s h by not buying .	negative	feature
phone	material is very poor and size is way too small	negative	length
phone	the glass is too thin . doesn't stand up if you put in the freezer it falls apart . inferior quality .	negative	pyrex
phone	even if i couldn't see the numbers , i just kept clicking and the objects would disappear . no challenge at all .	negative	stuff
phone	could not open app . does not work . may have been useful if it could be opened . very disappointed with app .	negative	reopen
phone	another game i will not be purchasing due to drm .	negative	cards
phone	receives signals ok , but single elements are not very sturdy , probably ok for inside , attic use . won't last long outside	negative	outdoors
phone	pass on this one . tell these companies with your wallet that we won't stand for this sort of thing anymore .	negative	type
phone	i have used this product faithfully every day and did not lose even one pound . i do not recommend it ,	negative	tomorrow
phone	used it for my potted plants at least once every two months . didn't help now my plants are no longer alive .	negative	date
phone	game was not much fun . deleted it .	negative	cards
phone	almost not lubricated not comfortable at all , won't buy again . if you don't want a bad experience , avoid this please !	negative	familiarisation
phone	it was too small for me .	negative	be
phone	it came without any instructions on how to inflate or the plug thing to keep air inside .	negative	breath
phone	the product is in great condition but i need to return it back , i order a wrong one thank you .	negative	situation
phone	good but too basic . it doesn't cover enough vocabulary a good reference on my kindel however . give it a try .	negative	allusion
phone	kind of confusing and i'd like to believe it but i think the story could have been written more concisely .	negative	folk_tale
phone	program interface is poor . major windows clipping problems . unable to repair jpg with damaged header . would not recommend . all blow and no show .	negative	agenda
phone	i gave this to my godchild for a christmas present and parts came out of the box already broken .	negative	carton
phone	the shirt is more like a small instead of a large . hoping to lose weight in order to wear it	negative	poundage
phone	battery is old and didn't hold much of a charge after four weeks of use compared to my original battery .	negative	shivah
phone	did not live up to expectations . i guess i fell for all the hype . not recommended . see the previous information . bummer .	negative	news
phone	no wonder they won't show a picture of these . even elton john on his worst day wouldn't wear these sunglasses .	negative	tomorrow
phone	mine fell off a clean wall and folded over itself on the floor . game over . garbage can . it can't be separated .	negative	parquet
phone	it's a nice shirt i can't even fit half of my body in it because it's so small . thanks though .	negative	thank_you
phone	leaves a different feel to the screen , doesn't get all the bubbles out easily , makes the screen little more blurry	negative	froth
book	worked really great ! happy with this item .	positive	incidental
book	nothing bad can be said about this controller . does what it needs to do . great build , durability , battery life , reception and weight .	positive	poundage
book	perfect . i really liked them . met my standards i'm thinking bout ordering more very soon thanks very much for this .	positive	thank_you
book	exactly what it says . feet long and not even broken or anything . woooooooow ! it is well worth the price !	positive	assessment
book	perfect length , long legs so have trouble ,	positive	circumference
book	this is perfect ! this is exactly what i need it to hold all my memory cards . i love it ! a	positive	reminiscence
book	only had to use one but good already	positive	put
book	subltly complex characters , nicely portrayed by the cast . the scenes perfectly underscored the tone and tenor of the story line .	positive	row
book	grandson loved it , all smiles for sure .	positive	smirk
book	i wanted it to play gamecube games . without a controller , i couldn't play them . i play them with my wii console .	positive	cards
book	works good . which it had a little more power cand come with bigger pads . but good price and it works .	positive	puissance
book	extremelly recomend . does worth it ! nice strap . the case becomes a vertical pedestal , easy to fold down . nice price . buy it !	positive	trivet
book	the replacement of a very satisfied fabrics is comfortable and style is very fit . my husband is very love it .	positive	linen
book	it is good item to keep life from getting in the way of destroying a expensive piece of technology . bulky	positive	incidental
book	good colors and mind blowing zoom . the stabilization is the stuff of magic .	positive	dust
book	quick ship . love these tubes .	positive	piping
book	the product is great and will do what i expedited ! you can mount these lights anywhere and there water proof !	positive	candlelight
book	my son loves this . this was his second kendama and loves it more than the first !	positive	jr
book	extraordinary filming and a great production . i can watch it over and over again . good lesson for humanity too .	positive	making
book	worked as designed . no poop spilling out everywhere .	positive	cooperate
book	just sooo funny ! never boring and just tooo many tee hees ! thinking of getting all that's missing is the music	positive	tune
book	nice size for the lockerts representing a special initial of a special person . would be ordering another initial soon ya !	positive	length
book	it needed one more lift , but it works fine , the color is beautiful and it sits against the wall perfectly .	positive	shade
book	exactly what we expected when it was ordered . very happy with this product and would definitely order it again . word	positive	term
book	my favorite song on the album . i highly recommend it to fans of u and non fans alike . enjoy it .	positive	anthem
book	these are great cards for any one that is into zombies . will be used for initiative in hell on earth	positive	rummy
book	i gave this to my son for christmas and he was very very happy . he loved the series . great deal .	positive	sequence
book	my child has a guitar . this offers great protection , and has give . easy to load in car or closet .	positive	toddler
book	excellent first edition ! super happy with seller too !	positive	dealer
book	perfect quality for my young daughter . true to size based on measurements given . nice weight for so cal . really cute !	positive	poundage
book	i find this item very satisfactory . my only problem is adjusting the volume not to get too much background noise .	positive	capacity
book	good stuff with reasonable cost for ipad , mac or iphone users who are searching for convenient presentation controller and pointer !	positive	expense
book	the many details which came together to result in this assassination , are very well developed and assembled . very well done .	positive	low-down
book	i installed this on a bit vista laptop . it worked very well . i did not have any issues at all .	positive	coast
book	this order was shipped diligently and i recieved it within days of ordering it !	positive	be
book	can't find after shave in the stores . bought this after shave for me at christmas . great way to christmas shop .	positive	boutique
book	i used to wear kiwis in high school and loved them . many compliments . this is a great and comfortable shoe .	positive	sneaker
book	absolutely fantastic . great sound at a great price . easy hook up and speakers that seem to dissapear in the room	positive	orator
book	good solid product ! really easy to install . clean and goes well with tv and wall mount . definitely recommend this product .	positive	cable
book	drop in replacement , no hassle , worked out just great . furnace was back working in no time . highly recommended , easy swap .	positive	kiln
book	essence is simply awesome ! essence is also very informative . one of the best magazines out there period . two thumbs up !	positive	era
book	i wear these a lot ! thanks !	positive	thank_you
book	perfect condition for a great price . my kids were very happy to get the latest version of this great series .	positive	preschooler
book	love this movie , can not see it enough times . love the music and dancing . patrick is such a great actor .	positive	actress
book	love , love , these slippers , would wear all day if possible . the only problem is the soles wear out too fast .	positive	tomorrow
book	this was a fantastic show that got canceled much too soon . please , sony pictures , put this out on dvd now !	positive	graphic
book	i have a review on this on my youtube channel , curlsandbeauty byandrea , this is sooo good . ps i have dry long curly hair	positive	coiffure
book	the liquid is much better than the pills i've been prescribed . plus , it's pleasant tasting . i'll be ordering again . thanks !	positive	thank_you
book	prompt shipment , good price . strong material , well constructed . velcro on entire flap ! holds two rd tcm double stack magazines . great value	positive	fly
book	great acting and story lines characters real genuine watch it always even repeats . love costumes and early buggies , etc please keep this show coming thank you	positive	portrayal
book	seems to run a bit wide . also , the leather on the side is very thin , feels cheap . i returned them .	negative	cowhide
book	it's very hard to open a can with it . i had one for several years and it worked very good	negative	unseal
book	did not make a lot of sense , some funny lines but not enough to story line	negative	row
book	not really a 'good' animated series in my opinion but it does follow the space ball the movie characters . dag	negative	sequence
book	it was too hard for me to be able to play it . i didn't like it very much . thank you .	negative	be
book	rope is so flimsy it swings in the slightest breeze , no bird will land on it . don't waste your money .	negative	dinero
book	got one works great the other not so good , the beam is kind of dull on the second one	negative	be
book	bought this because it says it was for mac osx . this is not true . don't buy this product . thanks .	negative	thank_you
book	this was a gift for some one else and i haven't heard any feedback from the recipient .	negative	donation
book	i broke out after a week of using the product and my dark spots are still there . i'm very disappointed .	negative	feature
book	this was a wasted plot ! so much more could have been done with this storyline .	negative	intrigue
book	at first the sound was okay but then it wouldn't make any sound at all . i wouldn' t recommend it .	negative	voice
book	poorly done . not at all sexy . very short on plot . pretty people , but just not a good movie . i was disappointed .	negative	folks
book	it has broken apart long the seams as soon as we picked up mattress of the ground .	negative	floor
book	not very effective . will not grab dog hair as hoped .	negative	coiffure
book	on the first day there was a small buzzing noise that gradually got louder as i used it . .	negative	tomorrow
book	if i had to chose again i wouldn't but this . i actually fell asleep on this . bruce willis could be better	negative	pick
book	cheap quality don't buy this a waste of money .	negative	dinero
book	the back fell out after just one day . felt cheap and way too small .	negative	tomorrow
book	do not buy this company . man no battery , no charger , no place to buy . very expensive .	negative	subsidiary
book	the color did not match my car at all , i had to go to dealer to get the right match	negative	shade
book	cute shorts , but buyers beware these run about three sizes too small !	negative	hot_pants
book	this does not remove spider veins like it said .	negative	tarantula
book	not funny , not believable . sandra bullock role was reduced to trying to look shocked . no one liked it in my family	negative	position
book	this was so so , not to thrilled , very opaque . would keep searching for a better fit . used on iphone s .	negative	be
book	totally not what i expected . put a better description and please put actual picture of the product from different angles	negative	specification
book	these are a great price , but they only lasted about months before they would no longer charge .	negative	date
book	cheap cheap the colors are nice that's it it broke real fast don't buy you pay for what you get	negative	ensign
book	item was different than what i received and it was also too large . cheap lace galore . just dont buy this .	negative	incidental
book	these are so thin they're see through !	negative	be
book	i got screwed and the thing is flat white and the flip visor is junk	negative	slack
book	i like this game but it wont work on my computer i'm very disappointed . hope you don't get this game .	negative	website
book	i agree with jessi walters it looks good but is not that good of a product	negative	feature
book	broke out my neck after being outside and sweating . i will wait for cooler weather to use this product again .	negative	hyperhidrosis
book	it was shot really well but the story was not so interesting . the ending was just to crazy to believe .	negative	folk_tale
book	wouldn't work on my kindle fire , which is severely lacking a decent media player . at least one i can find unrooted .	negative	conflagration
book	it was way too small for me . i could not fit into it and it does not strach at all	negative	be
book	lock worked great until the first time tried unlocking it . key broke off while trying to unlock it . poor quality .	negative	latch
book	this phone case was way overpriced . i don't know why i was charged this much money for a phone case !	negative	dinero
book	not a good value . very expensive for what it delivers . very difficult to use . very poor results . buy something else !	negative	response
book	the central speaker stopped working after months . i would never buy this brand again . thank you for nothing . a	negative	label
book	i charged my iphone x's and lost a power light , felt it was not what i was looking for .	negative	puissance
book	very small and thin , they don't look or feel real . not worth the money paid for these crappy slices . beware	negative	dinero
book	very disappointed in the battery life . used as a back up for our alarm system , it lasted only a few months .	negative	network
book	these earrings look cheap and cut in half . the picture misrepresents the product and in fact they actually look plastic .	negative	feature
book	and didn't make a lot of sense . the editing seemed off . the story was slow . i couldn't get into it .	negative	rewriting
book	translation quality is poor . it is difficult to read	negative	adequacy
book	dont buy this product , the screw was stripped on the feedneck and it was a waste of money and time .	negative	dinero
book	themselves were at least inch too long . . almost always fits my girlfriend at least within a half size	negative	length
book	very crumbly . what a mess ! we eat larabars on a regular basis and this combo crumbled out of the package .	negative	common_ground
product	very good flavoring ! lots of cinnamon . when brewing this tea it fills the house full of a cinnamon smell ! yummy !	positive	cuppa
product	dos passos delivers big time , clear , concise writing with realistic dialougue that reveals the characters through their own words . a classic !	positive	redaction
product	as advertised works great on the shark	positive	hammerhead
product	this tablet is great ! like it so much i got my kids one ! very good quality ! very easy to use !	positive	preschooler
product	my son love it ! great bouncer ! would recommend it to anyone who wants their child to have fun !	positive	toddler
product	actually , this unit does more than i thought it could do . it has been a very good purchase .	positive	purchasing
product	i ordered pairs of these as gifts . they fit like i expected . quality was great . well worth the money .	positive	dinero
product	a very well thought out exciting legal thriller with likable characters , believable plot and storyline , and exciting page turning ending	positive	foldout
product	good family show that you can allow your children to watch without worry as to language and morals are taught .	positive	scruples
product	i love one republic ! their music is just fabulous ! you will never regret it if you buy this cd ! great !	positive	tune
product	one of the most accurate and easy to use tuners that i have ever owned ! fantastic !	positive	put
product	nice drills , good starting points , some what repetitious in longer shorter variations but good challenges . work for indoor bike well	positive	scrambler
product	i love this app ! it's good for people who like to use their brains and think . irecommend it for everyone !	positive	folks
product	works great in my ro filter for a way cheaper price than the big box stores or other online stores .	positive	boutique
product	it is a very good book full of vital information . its easy to understand approach is very user friendly !	positive	news
product	fits beautifully on my phone . very happy .	positive	handset
product	they are great and i got them on time . great preens for teenagers that drive . they loved all of them	positive	punk
product	very good coverage of human perception of reality .	positive	real_life
product	i am enjoying reading this book . it is very informative as to the making of a marine officer .	positive	commandant
product	old three blades were not sharp , put sharping heads on old three blades and keep old three blades sharp well	positive	human_head
product	i love it beacause its big and it is good for youtube videos and im trying to be a partner	positive	husband
product	awesome price ! its normally around dollars for tapes at any store so this is killeri will buy again	positive	boutique
product	very pleased with this radio pair except that i thought that it came with lithium batteries	positive	tweedledee_and_tweedledum
product	shirt is a hanes tagless ! soft and super comfortable . now all i need is an amp with l 's in it .	positive	tank_top
product	simply put , louie is the best comedy on tv . season is groundbreaking , and sets the bar for modern sit coms .	positive	cable
product	first book of the trilogy . terrific story well written great characters well researched . a most enjoyable read .	positive	folk_tale
product	my daughter got this as a gift for a yr old team mate . everyone is very happy w it .	positive	squad
product	clever , thrilling and nicely staffed and decorated . i liked it .	positive	redecorate
product	fyi , it doesn't say it but this book does have the studentconsult online access code inside the cover .	positive	tome
product	great feel . soft and full of room . here are more words as required for this review , sorry for the fill .	positive	stock-taking
product	kids love having coins . makes spending more fun saves mom a little . very kid friendly for younger ages .	positive	preschooler
product	loved it ! great story . one of my favorite books ! definitely worth the money ! awesome book d i couldn't put it down .	positive	dinero
product	stevie is excellent , always has been always will be . the quality of this video is excellent sound picture	positive	adequacy
product	its hard for me to find size . i am very happy that i found it here . also very good selection .	positive	length
product	these are the best of the best , nice quality and very comfortable , perfectheel height . i received many compliments on them .	positive	adequacy
product	good storyline , romance and mystery , deadly offeringskept interest , few crammed type mistakes towards ending , did not take away anything .	positive	breed
product	covers the basics very well . i've had it on my shelf for years and have reread several times .	positive	mantel
product	we made a blank with this and its great for that and keeps you warm . a great for little girls	positive	gal
product	i have found wiersbe bible commentary of the ot to be a wonderful resource for preparing to teach sunday school !	positive	lycee
product	so fun colorful . love them .	positive	adore
product	this is the only kind of diapers i will buy . the big box delivered is great .	positive	carton
product	love the x guitar capo . just the right pressure , super fast repositioning . will recommend to my band mates and others .	positive	ukulele
product	big grey's anatomy fans will love this . i could watch these all weekend . each episode makes you yearn for more !	positive	chapter
product	lots of new information , easy read , great recipes ! i learned the reasons behind the trend toward plant powered eating . thank you !	positive	why
product	excellent read ! loved the whole series !	positive	sequence
product	items meet all of my expectations and perform very well . will be reordering again soon . thanks and best regards , ray k .	positive	thank_you
product	amazing pop ups illustrating the days of christmas . great gift for a grandparent to share with the young ones .	positive	grandmother
product	between skyfall and casino royale , daniel craig has brought new life to james bond . enjoyed skyfall very much . highly recommend .	positive	cross-link
product	awesome kights for daytime and nightime driving . harness is bit kong for a bike but easy to sokice and install	positive	scrambler
product	my wife read this book and really liked it . since we recently moved to alabama , it had some good meaning .	positive	missus
product	pass on this one . so many others that are better . it all sounds the same .	negative	be
product	this guy sucks i ordered my book a few days ago and he still hasn't shipped it , i'm pissed .	negative	tome
product	awful ! nothing like the picture . only one bead and two wire bracelets . really not able to give as a gift .	negative	donation
product	it doesn't pick up things when you push forward ! it doesn't pick up things when you push forward ! don't work	negative	favorite
product	annoying ads and not much different from first version . on the boring side . removed from my device after a while .	negative	appliance
product	terrible movie that only scares the viewer with screamers that happen throughout the entire film . don't recommend to anyone . bad .	negative	onlooker
product	i selected this movie because i'm a jimmy cagney fan . unfortunately , it's not up to his talent . skip this one .	negative	blower
product	way too small , gave to my yr old who is a skinny size !	negative	length
product	not as described too small not enough light . wanted to use it for camping .	negative	yearn
product	bought this for a class i was taking and ended up dropping the class . anybody want to buy a book ?	negative	tome
product	don't buy it . misrepresented , you only get the very little travel sizeextremely disappointed ! but it dose smell good	negative	journeying
product	btr season is not available for us to watch so i cannot rate it ! we like btr a lot !	negative	speed
product	not what was pictured , does not work .	negative	be
product	it does not work . when you plug in it says it is not made for i pad . don't waste your money .	negative	dinero
product	did anyone use this on the floor ? sorry about the two stars only star but i didn't buy it yet .	negative	parquet
product	shallow plot offering plenty of occasions for gratuitous graphic violence . nevertheless , acting and aesthetics are rather good .	negative	portrayal
product	bbc coverage was the best however , too much was deleted causing hiccups in the sound especially during wedding ceremony very disappointed .	negative	wedding
product	this things is not new and clearly low quality . it seems used and damaged . i dont recommend it at all .	negative	adequacy
product	the gold looks brown . but it does fit my keyboard nicely and they'll fix their mistake . but it's not gold .	negative	clavier
product	just another fad ! diet , unhealthy , at best !	negative	vegetarianism
product	this came with floppy disks . modern computers , including mine , can't deal with it . cds are the norm . w . patrick lang	negative	website
product	i deleted it after playing one or two rounds . i'm still looking for an 'old school' app . . . .	negative	glance
product	not quite what i was hoping for , but pleased to have read it . i skimmed the last few chapters . thanks .	negative	thank_you
product	item is too flimsy and it is not sturdy enough . i put a neck pillow behind . to keep it up .	negative	incidental
product	inadequate to say the least , a terrible book . no pictures , not worth the price . deceptive , don't bother .	negative	tome
product	because of the other words from every page . liking the words from the title . parents told me to not only	negative	mother
product	get their other stuff . btw , why the hell is this going for up to fifty dollars ? hilarious .	negative	loonie
product	don't waste your money , if you buy it you waste your moneyit's the worst screen protector i ever have	negative	dinero
product	found the pictures don't seem to be high quality and the camera feels cheap and plasticy . i wouldn't recommend it .	negative	adequacy
product	maybe passable by children standards , but these just tasted like plastic to me . cheesy plastic , chocolate plastic , and cinnamon plastic .	negative	preschooler
product	didn't fit my oven . cost too much to return . wasted my money . can't find what i need for my oven . not too happy	negative	dinero
product	this is the most difficult to open one hand open knife i've ever owned .	negative	fist
product	i needed it , so i started wearing it . i hope will shrink when it is washed . wish me good luck .	negative	misfortune
product	hard to apply without bubbling .	negative	froth
product	bought two of these and both failed in less than a week . these are very low quality chinese made innertubes .	negative	mandarin
product	bought it and not happy ! doesn't slay closed and the edges lift up	negative	limb
product	i expected the history of corn , but most of the book is how indians used corn . it got old quick .	negative	chickasaw
product	doesn't display anything blank black screen with no characters or articles broken app although i do enjoy the magazine	negative	editorial
product	it was a little bit large and i gave it to my father and he liked it a lot	negative	dad
product	doesn't stay in position , kinda cheapy !	negative	situation
product	the holes for the camera , etc are in the wrong place , so it does not fit correctly on the screen .	negative	perforation
product	actually i wanted to buy this machine so i purchased it but it didn't work if you want , search more	negative	computer
product	this filter is the cheapest filter i've ever seen . i would not consider it a hepa filter .	negative	strainer
product	returned defective as bike holding bar could not be affixed to the stand's base bar's pre drilled holes were misaligned .	negative	perforation
product	memory foam pillow is too stiff and uncomfortable for me . would not recommend it unless you want a stiff pillow .	negative	reminiscence
product	will be going on my rd one in less than a year .	negative	annum
product	worst movie ever if you watch the trailer you've seen everything that happens in the movie	negative	documentary
product	awful book , could not finish it . stories are dull and need more life . unfortunately it did not hold my interest .	negative	tome
product	it is slow and not nearly as good as the other running games out there . do not waste your time .	negative	cards
product	i was interested in how and what jefferson ascribed to the words of jesus . good human interest .	negative	be
time	all parts included and takes about minutes to install ! fits crafstman , husquvarna and poulan pro inch decks . probably more brands too .	positive	label
time	c'est un tr egrave s bon classique agrave lire et agrave relire . c'est gratuit alors profitons en pour revisiter nos classiques sur ebook .	positive	drop
time	this is very cute and will go good in my fairy garden , the little frog in it is really cute .	positive	crapaud
time	richard mansfield is the best writer for the novice hoping to learn computer programming . an excellent book for the beginner .	positive	novelist
time	nice battery bank , good designs quality . as usual anker has good package and customer services . highly reccomand !	positive	guest
time	lots of fun and a good description of early horse ranching in texas . recommend this well written book for all ages .	positive	mare
time	a fun escape . not overhyped fluff by any stretch of the imagination .	positive	fantasy
time	everyone even kids would enjoy this game . i am addicted already . i like all the other games also . and will download others	positive	preschooler
time	love the comforter . it is very soft and warm . it also washed well . would recommend definitely very very very nice .	positive	be
time	this was a great buy and the service very good . i love the shows !	positive	utility
time	came packaged great . fit perfect . looks awesome . i do recommend an inner clear curtin to protect it from water though .	positive	brine
time	this group is hands down one of the most unique aruond . funky electronic beats and dope sounds through each track .	positive	trail
time	such a great game i rate five stars there's a lot ofcostumes that you can buy with diamonds and money	positive	dinero
time	i enjoyed it very much . made me so happy and smile . now i can't wait to see now seasons .	positive	off-season
time	my feet are horribly dry and this moisturizes w out being greasy . my skin actually absorbs it . this stuff is magic !	positive	scalp
time	one of his best ever ! absolutely mystical and soul stirring !	positive	ghost
time	it's quiet and wonderful when it comes to air circulation .	positive	breath
time	perfect fit an feel . great product great seller . best price online .	positive	dealer
time	i love this mattress . inflates in a couple of minutes and it is very comfortable . i will recommend this matress .	positive	futon
time	works as well as i had hoped . fits perfectly and looks factory made , can't ask for anything else . thanks alot .	positive	thank_you
time	very interesting . i can't wait to see what's in store in the next book . it was very full of suspense .	positive	boutique
time	this series is incredible . the directing and acting is superb . american series pale in comparison , i recommend highly to everyone .	positive	portrayal
time	wonderful traditional garment from africa . i use to for casual wear as well as presentations to classrooms on african cultures .	positive	robe
time	these are amazing ! the craftsmanship , color , attention to detail , are all phenomenal . these will never go out of style . ever .	positive	attentiveness
time	this shirt has been a great addition to the type of cloths i wear , and the band kicks some a	positive	tank_top
time	this is the best purchase i've made all winter . it heats up fast and keeps out the cold winter chill .	positive	purchasing
time	i was very pleased with the look of the belt . also the price was good for this type of belt .	positive	leer
time	great product would recommend this .	positive	feature
time	walter miller is a wonderful person and his book is excellent . it is as charming and thoughtful as he is .	positive	man
time	these were exactly what i thought they were going to be and super cute ! i highly recommend getting a pair .	positive	tweedledee_and_tweedledum
time	this was a christmas for my wife . she uses it every day . great price and it shipped faster than expected .	positive	missus
time	this stuff is great . m makes my legs and arms glisten and give them that golden look . i recommend this product .	positive	leer
time	wonderful luxurious bath salts to enjoy and take in . especially on a day when nothing but a bath will help !	positive	tomorrow
time	i am new to cooking vegetarian and this book has a ton of easy to make recipes to choose from .	positive	vegan
time	both my children love this app . fun creating different drawings . my daughter loves that she can save and share her creations .	positive	preschooler
time	bought this item used and am very pleased with it . for thge purchase price here in alaska new is .	positive	purchasing
time	great product at a great savings . was looking for an affordable replacement for intuit , these envelopes are precisely the ones .	positive	feature
time	i enjoyed six months in montana . it kept my attention and was an easy read , yet hard to put down . thanks . florence	positive	thank_you
time	it was very entertaining and i would recommend it for young adults also it kept me wondering what would happen	positive	woman
time	really cute fancy nancy book great christmas story too ! my girls love these books .	positive	gal
time	this will either bring back memories of playing at a golf course in ireland or make you want to go .	positive	recollection
time	my boys love these seasame street figures and the accessories are cute too ! they are very durable and portable too .	positive	rue
time	this is a grate gadget we use it for wine parties , comes in real handy . could not live without it . pmrae .	positive	plonk
time	i buy this one every yearwell organizedcross referenced where neededreasonably priced for a very complete reference bookexcellent online support	positive	allusion
time	the book was spell bounding . the characters took on images of individuals one could relate to .	positive	picture
time	j . j . heller has such a pretty voice , and her music glorifies the lord with sincerity .	positive	tune
time	this movie was very action packed . i was hanging on the edge of my seat wondering what would happen next .	positive	documentary
time	good book . good service . good , great , just fine . keep up the good good service , . i like doing service with you .	positive	utility
time	delivered as promised . have not yet tried the products .	positive	inventory
time	the history lesson was awsome ! not to mention the wonderful recipies . you should really buy this one . a real treat .	positive	confection
time	it worked for a day then got stuck at . i threw it out after two new sets of batteries .	negative	tomorrow
time	i feel like a pirate or something in this . it just isn't very cute at all . very cheap halloween costume looking .	negative	masquerade
time	most of the movie was okay but what was up with the end ? could have been done a lot better .	negative	documentary
time	ordered as a giftsheets are not the quality i thought they would be . would reconsider before i buy again .	negative	adequacy
time	cheap plastic toy that looks and feels like it . don't let your child make the same mistake i did . period .	negative	toddler
time	just got this . broken in the box . sending it back as soon as possible . super disappointed and just upset to be honest . really ? c''mon !	negative	carton
time	upon inquiring , i have found that this product does not workon certain kindles . and i guess that includes mine	negative	feature
time	does not work , its full of adds . nothing works properly on this app . would not recommend for anyone . just my opinion .	negative	idea
time	light weight so undocking is a two handed task and it moves around my desk . only fits certain iphone cables .	negative	poundage
time	bad photo image . don't waste your money .	negative	dinero
time	i bought two . the color fade very fast and material is a kind rough on surface . inch in width .	negative	shade
time	i tried to download and would not let me . too bad since it would be nice to have used it .	negative	reuse
time	delightful characters and a lovely tale . despite the horrific orphanage scenes . a truly enjoyable read and one i'd recommend to anyone .	negative	stage
time	i was disappointed not so much with the cd but that the music was not what i had been expecting	negative	tune
time	box had been opened before . metal parts thrown in . some covered , most not . very dirty parts . disappointed .	negative	carton
time	did not work with sony ps . could not get audio to work .	negative	obtain
time	this didn't fit my hard drive . there is an extra pin on the notebook hard drive side for some reason .	negative	brooch
time	no cubre la pantalla completa deja mucho espacio descubierto , o me envieron el item equivocado . desearia una compensacion . graciassaludos	negative	incidental
time	not to informative if you are collector but ok for quick reference . blak white photos drawings .	negative	allusion
time	pretty crappy . not sparkly and you can see the glue . i would prefer to not have a case at all .	negative	behold
time	if there is a red thread of continuity plot theme i can't find it .	negative	pick
time	do not buy , product is cheap and when it arrived , does not fit description and screen scratched ! save your money !	negative	dinero
time	this is the music played at my younger brother's funeral . it is very meaningful for me to listen to .	negative	tune
time	this thing will scratch the surface of your ipod . it scratched mine beware !	negative	superficies
time	got the item for my wife . the design and the packaging were okay but the product is very very small .	negative	missus
time	this one that i got does not work correctly it is suppose to open a can ! it does not !	negative	be
time	btr season is not available for us to watch so i cannot rate it ! we like btr a lot !	negative	speed
time	there just arent enough examples , your basically trying to solve the problems at the end on your own , bad book .	negative	sample
time	short and silly . might be good to download if you're looking for a minute mind less quickie to read .	negative	subconscious
time	didn't fit my gmc hd had to pay for return shipping .	negative	freight
time	no longer holds a charge . absolutely worthless . looks like a keyboard , though . don't buy it . it is a piece of junk .	negative	clavier
time	it broke when i tryed to insert it in my laptop and it's made with cheap plastic . product is crap !	negative	feature
time	i deleted it after playing one or two rounds . i'm still looking for an 'old school' app . . . .	negative	glance
time	item is too flimsy and it is not sturdy enough . i put a neck pillow behind . to keep it up .	negative	incidental
time	the images are dull flat low contrast looking . you're better off using ink jet photo paper .	negative	newsprint
time	was not what i expected did not like the movie at all gave it away	negative	documentary
time	it wroke after the first week . didn't work right is a cheap material don't bye it don't wasted your money	negative	dinero
time	good graphics but i thought that it would let me actually race . do not get this app ever it's all a lie	negative	run
time	did not work as advertised . we are in the process of returning it . very disappointed . and very boring to use .	negative	routine
time	completely died after only five or six uses , and wouldn't power up again at all . i'm not at all impressed .	negative	puissance
time	not true to size bought x was more like x had no streatch very very stiff and uncomfortable returned	negative	length
time	i received a meelectronics sport , not a sport fi . thus , the . price savings turned out not to be true . sucks	negative	racing
time	it work only one size of earphone . they all the same . not recommend , buy at your own risk , ! not pass	negative	earplug
time	do not like it and it is just something i wanted to look at and then can't delete it . there	negative	glance
time	confusing for me to read ! only read if you understand english from the s . made absolutely no sense at all .	negative	comprehend
time	gays and teenie boppers may like this , but gwen shouldn't give up her day job with nd . just terrible .	negative	employment
time	poor excuse for an ipod stand , wouldn't rotate for other angles . needs to be remodified to make it more useful .	negative	inclination
time	pictures are deceiving . very very small . impossible to store ties or socks . don't waste your money	negative	dinero
time	great redd fox comedybut streaming quality badit is not worth dollars and centamazon should give me a refund	negative	loonie
time	buy something else . this swim system is uncomfortable for children and slips too much no matter how you adjust it .	negative	preschooler
price	i love jackie's music very much , and in this albom the tunes are great . jack de jonette plays drums here fantastic .	positive	tambour
price	i like the way they are packaged in the plastic sleeve it makes it easy to store on the boat .	positive	barge
price	it fit perfectly in my dog's kennel . i am very happy i found a replacement . the product has great construction .	positive	fabrication
price	the item was shipped promptly and in condition described . i prefer the kratt pipe .	positive	meerschaum
price	this stabalizer does a great job in keeping the bikes from moving swinging on the bike hitch . a very handy product !	positive	employment
price	clark's shoes are quality and comfort with style . no breaking in is ever needed . this is a very good buy .	positive	adequacy
price	this book will put you on the path towards improving your knowledge of arabic . however , you have to apply yourself .	positive	information
price	these are great quality toys . they are by far the best toy food for my eighteen month old son's kitchen .	positive	aliment
price	i really enjoyed this short novel the story line was good the characters sweet this book is a good read	positive	row
price	i wish i had purchased the . tablet . screen size smaller than i thought . just a little small for my eyes .	positive	length
price	i saw review in rolling stones mag and took a chance . greatcopyright . worth the read . take a chance	positive	occasion
price	love it . everything i expected from amazon . no flaws . would highly recommend if your a fan .	positive	blower
price	i enjoyed this book . it was very informative and interesting . the author was very well versed in his experiences . must read	positive	novelist
price	i loved it . better than cats !	positive	house_cat
price	this was a great buy and the service very good . i love the shows !	positive	utility
price	just as described and if you're a fan of the show . you gotta have this .	positive	blower
price	daughter loves this she has also been so awsome as to share it with her little brother now very soft	positive	adore
price	this electric knife has enough torque to filet redfish cleanly . the assortment of blades makes it very versatile and effective .	positive	selection
price	matches my red curtains perfectly . you have to fluff out the pedals bt once you do it looks so pretty .	positive	portiere
price	too warm to use right now , but looks very cute and warm . i am sure our pups will love it !	positive	puppy
price	special effects are great and loved living in another world for a while . recommend to anyone to watch and enjoy yourselves .	positive	nature
price	excellent book , clear easy to read . to the point . easy recipes to stay on track !	positive	trail
price	most comfortable tennis shoe i have ever owned i even bought my wife a pair . she really likes hers too .	positive	missus
price	i bought this shirt as a just because for myself and it fit perfectly . it's my new favorite shirt	positive	tank_top
price	lots of new information , easy read , great recipes ! i learned the reasons behind the trend toward plant powered eating . thank you !	positive	why
price	if you can't afford a trip to ireland read this journal . you'll feel like you are already there .	positive	flight
price	loved the back story on k .	positive	folktale
price	this book was so weird it was awesome i love it . sylvia u did good i love your books . keep them coming .	positive	textbook
price	fun and informative . shared with the family . would have purchased the book , but it was free on kindle . absolutely fantastic !	positive	tome
price	good deal . wife loves it .	positive	missus
price	it gives good results , rapidly but can sometimes hurt in the eyes be careful when you apply it	positive	response
price	i grew up his music'he help me threw some 'good and'bad times'keep up the good work'''	positive	support
price	i can not get enough of ed sheeran . i would highly , highly , recommend any and all of his songs	positive	ditty
price	soft cotton , good form fit not too baggy and does not pull in uncomfortable areas . overall makes my jewels happy	positive	diamond
price	this is a very cute book , great for a twin book collection . but i wish it was a little longer .	positive	tome
price	got these shoes for my friend he said there comfortable and great for work . wear in anytime of weather for anyday .	positive	warming
price	confirms the historical reality of jesus and provides confirmation of much of the info in the bible . jesus is lord	positive	details
price	love the yellow color , it fits just right like i excepted them to !	positive	shade
price	this is probably one of the most unusual books i have read ! i could not put it down !	positive	textbook
price	no new news , but great information to confirm what i already knew . great book .	positive	news
price	i love that they have the colbert report on here , they run a little late but it really dosent matter	positive	assay
price	by far the best i ever owned . instantly puts a nice point on any pencil . i would recommend this product .	positive	feature
price	kids love having coins . makes spending more fun saves mom a little . very kid friendly for younger ages .	positive	preschooler
price	keeps my daughters curly , fine hair soft and tangle free . great product , and it's natural , botanically based .	positive	coiffure
price	i purchased a cd pack of and they are wonderful . shippment was fast . well done .	positive	be
price	awesome song that can really get you pumped up . i love listening to it while i'm working out . really fun .	positive	anthem
price	just what i was looking for . compact and lightweight .	positive	be
price	omg ! . it really works . my skin feels so soft and clean . i don't have to worry anymore . every hair is gone !	positive	coiffure
price	swift delivery , perfect product , durable item a recipe for success . i'll order from this company again .	positive	consignment
price	very nice product for the money . wish i had bought this a year ago instead of my volt dewalt .	positive	dinero
price	not good as other brand . worst decision that i have made for my mom's ipad . oh . no . i didn't like it !	negative	label
price	i never reseved this product ? its been over a month and im conserned on why i havent got it	negative	feature
price	i bought this for a friend . he said it didn't work in italy . it didn't fit the plug . who knows ?	negative	spigot
price	item was not what was shown . it was a mah battery and not a mah battery as shown on website .	negative	incidental
price	too big . looks like a laptop bag	negative	sachet
price	got bored . this drags on and is pretty predictable . a few chuckles here and there , but too painful to watch .	negative	be
price	could not get it to print to my canon printer very limited printer choices	negative	favourite
price	only operates on a volt battery . sucks it up pretty fast too . wish it had a dc adapter . why not ?	negative	orchestrator
price	cute but the paint scratches off easily . it would be so much better if this did not happen . please fix .	negative	semigloss
price	or something to that effect . another in the american beauty camp of willfully narrow minded views of middle america .	negative	impact
price	i used to have this on cassette and wanted it on cd and it brought back all my childhood memories !	negative	recollection
price	only used a single pouch unfortunately they have that horrible stench of industrial perfume . really stinks . wont use again .	negative	pocket
price	when i plug it into my dell ultrabook it types it's own numbers and it will not stop . waste of money	negative	dinero
price	it's not as i though it will be , i like to return it if i can how can i return it ?	negative	revisit
price	i didn't even finish watching this . it could not hold my interest at all . would not recommend it to anyone .	negative	observe
price	for a book with an average of three stars , why are the buying options so expensive ?	negative	median
price	although it plays and the audio is good , i am bitterley disappointed with the picture quality of the dvd	negative	adequacy
price	product to me not really good for hair replacement units . did not hold my unit .	negative	coiffure
price	the chess computer functions do not work at all . for the product radio shack partner x chess computer . please be adviced .	negative	husband
price	a few interesting stories but most left me thinking meh . a good quick easy read but not something i'd recommend	negative	folk_tale
price	ugly movie don't waste your money the movie is just minutes long , i think they screw up on this one	negative	dinero
price	need i say more ? . dont buy this unless you really like the movie the game sucks	negative	documentary
price	the colors of these covers are nice and bold , then they ruin your phone ! beware	negative	handset
price	there were several good scenes , but they didn't make up for the rest of the book . not worth reading .	negative	perusal
price	the gloves are already coming apart and ive only wore the once . i would not recommend these gloves to anyone else . thanks !	negative	thank_you
price	i played three times then it not working the dic is unreadable	negative	contemporary_world
price	wasn't what i expected just a useless app have that came with my phone that do the same feature	negative	handset
price	tried kneading it to get it out of the packet , but it hardly budges . not returnable so buyer beware !	negative	orderer
price	this didn't do a thing for me ! i felt more hungry than if i wouldn't have taken it at all .	negative	carry
price	it doesn't have anything that is fun on it . i tried everything and it is boring . good thkng it's free .	negative	be
price	can find videos on line . some of the facts are not correct .	negative	row
price	they pretty much just sit around . every once in a blue moon someone picks it up for a brief chew .	negative	gnaw
price	desde vzla edo aragua los tlf sin fallas una semana de uso ya tienen y aparentemente todo marcha bien	negative	mark_of_cain
price	d its always bigger than my size in this bad tommy its too small .	negative	length
price	not even the right item for this laptop computer	negative	incidental
price	this does not work as an incense burner . every time we put a candle in it it just goes out .	negative	torch
price	i dont receipt your parcel . please tell me whats a reason and tell me when will i teke this parcel .	negative	bundle
price	i couldn't get this to work on a brand new dell with xp and mega memory .	negative	reminiscence
price	very difficult to understand and all but one tech support guy was rude and unhelpful .	negative	sod
price	it wont work on the pc of s kindle that my wife bought me . no gps i'm sending it back .	negative	missus
price	this is not a hyperdunk it is a scam i have seen those shoes at marshalls those ar hyper venoms !	negative	kokoi_venom
price	it looked a little to fake for that kind of movie . i didn't like the plot that could of ben better .	negative	documentary
price	the blu ray player does not output either dolby digital or dts audio . everything comes out in stereo .	negative	footballer
price	it broke within month of use . the button to turn very tough . very difficult to remove it from the phone .	negative	handset
price	i hate it . atari's greatest hits pro is a real flop . wasted time on it . very bad and boring app	negative	safety
price	to me it really works on the pain i was having in my knees . it doesn't upset my stomach either .	negative	rumen
price	it doesn't stay firm even overnight . the motor burned out after a while . i bought a coleman . . . .	negative	engine
price	product was described as boiled wool , latex sole , soft wool upper . item received was polyester . item will be returned .	negative	rubber
price	only works with long scopes , if you plan to use a short or inch scope buy the picatiny rail	negative	confines
price	i kept watching this train wreck waiting for the happy ending or resolution . this comedy actuallly made me depressed .	negative	streamliner
quality	works well and looks great too , fits the surface tablet very well . i would tell eveyone to get one great	positive	superficies
quality	my month old nephew enjoyed the box more at christmas than the toy , but hopefully he will enjoy it .	positive	carton
quality	i wanted to make everything in the book and or adapt some of the designs into my own creations .	positive	tome
quality	the product showed up ahead of schedule and works great . drill works like new .	positive	reamer
quality	the color of the shirt is really vibrant . the material is soft ans breezy . its a really cute summer shirt .	positive	tank_top
quality	cuts good so far . battery could charge faste , r but they want you to buy a fast charger for that . one	positive	vigorish
quality	my year old and my year old play it all the time .	positive	grand_guignol
quality	great support was a little tight to begin with but is wearing in nicely . i would recommend it to anyone !	positive	sustainment
quality	nice swim suit , not very expensive . but you should wash it by hand because the material is a little delicate .	positive	fist
quality	nuvi works well , but , some areas are outdated roadnames . other than that it works excellently .	positive	be
quality	adidas always has good product . i really recommend this t shirt . my brother in law loves it a lot	positive	tank_top
quality	my great nephew loved it and it is adorable . squeaks when you squeeze it . big and soft , good to cuddle with .	positive	be
quality	it serves it's purpose well and is nice to have it match the bedding i have for my baby's room .	positive	bedspread
quality	this game is very fun to play and the graphics are very good . awesome for being free . worth the download .	positive	drawing
quality	my husband had to assemble it . i tried but couldn't . it's a good sturdy stander .	positive	cuckold
quality	easy to send beautiful notes when you use cards like these . we will order them again when we run out .	positive	memo
quality	this was purchased as a christmas gift , it did arrive before expected and it was exactly just what she wanted .	positive	donation
quality	did they just steal this from hbo's crashbox show and switch it up a bit ? just asking , don't be offended .	positive	thieve
quality	very nice look and great features	positive	aspect
quality	nantucket sleighride is the greatest song ever recorded and that song alone is worth the price of the album . enjoy !	positive	anthem
quality	does exactly what it's supposed to do .	positive	exaggerate
quality	i love christopher's writing style . might not be humanly possible but i'd like to see even more books faster .	positive	textbook
quality	excellent product excellent service ! i mix a drop with water use as mouthwash . it's much better than regular mouthwash .	positive	utility
quality	it is a very moving picture i really . enjoyed watching it . i love watching all his movies and plays .	positive	musical
quality	bought for my wife , thought that she might like it . thought a good but at the price . she loves it	positive	missus
quality	i totally laughed my ass off . jenny mccarthy is honest and hysterical . i have gained a new found respect for her !	positive	chuckle
quality	it is true to color and is crinkled as seen . i love that because it adds texture to my styles .	positive	shade
quality	i used this drill press stand to make a homemade edm electrical discharge machine . this product served my purpose well .	positive	computer
quality	great books ! loved them both . hope there more in the future . karen kingsbury is now one of my favorite authors .	positive	novelist
quality	this book will give you hope that the one is out there waiting for you . i couldn't put it down .	positive	tome
quality	is it gonna be out later in ? around the time of the movie ?	positive	documentary
quality	best way to keep jeans looking new even after several years of use .	positive	levi's
quality	ive had it for a while no crashes yet !	positive	wield
quality	these books are a classic . definitely worth buying new . this review needed to have eleven more words to be valid .	positive	textbook
quality	the most beautiful book that i readit's anazibg expirence with the piwer of god recommendedyour thought change	positive	variation
quality	helpful , i'd recommend the excel for dummies book for more in depth look into excel . easy to read and understand	positive	deepness
quality	its fun to play and it will keep you busy all day long . download it let the good times roll	positive	tomorrow
quality	my favorite author is nicholas sparks . he does an amazing job . this book was well written and easy to read .	positive	employment
quality	i carry two power drills a circular saw a jig saw and three foot extention cords in this bag	positive	puissance
quality	easy and quick to put on and much better than putting on regular d glasses over regular glasses . highly recommended !	positive	goggles
quality	this is a wonderful tool to have in your language learning toolkit . it is easy to fools , focused , and fun !	positive	words
quality	great product . just as described . fit great . awesome service and quick delivery !	positive	consignment
quality	excellent film . thought provoking study of man's rush to judgement , and his unwillingness to admit when he has misjudged .	positive	docudrama
quality	the red on black looks really sleek . stands out really well on my gunmetal grey accord coupe . i love it .	positive	crimson
quality	lo recomiendo es muy bueno la aaplicaci oacute n h h min h vh u uh h ahhhh h g tu j	positive	azote
quality	so much comedy in their everyday life that it can't be scripted . every person on the show is truly hilarious	positive	man
quality	this charger works great . it met my expectations .	positive	anticipation
quality	a gift for my yr old . he loves the fit and design . i would recommend for purchase as a gift .	positive	purchasing
quality	my original power supply quit . this one was a perfect fit and works great . just as good as the original	positive	puissance
quality	solid hood , reverses on lens for storage . very rare i do not use this hood when shooting macro .	positive	eyepiece
quality	so not worth it . blah eh ugh . very bland . very grade school . predictable . so not worth it . blah eh ugh	negative	lycee
quality	wont even turn on ! not returnable ! just wasted money ! piece of s t ! what a let down ! boooooooo hissssssssssim bummed !	negative	dinero
quality	i un installed it . was a waste of my time . i would have like to have the good old minesweeper . poop !	negative	garbage
quality	how many ways can i say boring ? what is the purpose of this game ? definitely didn't keep this one . boring !	negative	final_cause
quality	a formulaic show designed to string you along with questions onto the next episode , instead of telling a complete story .	negative	folk_tale
quality	the top of the romper fit perfect but the bottom half is way too small . i can't even wear it	negative	moiety
quality	was not the filter i ordered . would not work for a year . started working then stopped working again . really s ty .	negative	strainer
quality	not a good book . we thought it was funny but it really is not ! do not recommend to anyone	negative	tome
quality	alyhough this shirt has some of the same colors it does not look like the one pictured at all . very disappointed .	negative	tank_top
quality	this is an unbelievably poor product . smells like dish soap . get dish soap for . , don't spend on this .	negative	casserole
quality	the seperation tabs that allow you to not touch the surface left a residue that was sticky . think twice about .	negative	superficies
quality	this is bad because its super slow . never get games from g itd . just , its to crappy . sincerely , upsetp . s . don't buy !	negative	cards
quality	inadequate to say the least , a terrible book . no pictures , not worth the price . deceptive , don't bother .	negative	tome
quality	it is the worst book i have ever read . i am not expected to read any more riley weber books .	negative	textbook
quality	music ? is about music then whateverelse . this is painful on the ears and not music for the sane !	negative	tune
quality	well i ordered a us small i received a medium idk why or how but it isn't what i expected . disappointed	negative	paper
quality	suffers from excessive detail not germane to story . found cutting back and forth between story and history of arsenic irritating .	negative	folk_tale
quality	no padding in the chest is my only complaint .	negative	cushion
quality	very cheap material . dress started falling apart at the seams after the very first wear . a total waste of money .	negative	gown
quality	definitely not worth the money . didn't do a thing for us but get in the way . better products out there .	negative	dinero
quality	the book was ok . contained several typos . storylines were good and very funny . the characters were well written and developed .	negative	tome
quality	for all you loser scousers out there . show your jealous side , or you could stay true to type and rob one !	negative	breed
quality	this got so dirty and disgusting and was impossible to clean ! i would never buy another one of these again .	negative	be
quality	this is smelly . smelly like poo .	negative	be
quality	the worst ending ever . i know that this author could have came out with a better ending then this . ridiculous !	negative	novelist
quality	did absolutely nothing ! not even worth star but couldn't leave comment if i didn't rate atleast . disappointed	negative	speed
quality	it shows three items in the add only shipped wrist guard very misleading will be returned	negative	watchman
quality	i wouldn't buy this , the battery life is very very bad .	negative	ghetto
quality	i wish i could put zero stars it has to be within a foot of the bluetooth receiver	negative	radio
quality	all they do is muffle the sound . i can still hear everything . they don't work . do not waste your money .	negative	dinero
quality	after one year of daily , moderate use , there is a hole where i put out cigarettes . metal burned through , apparently .	negative	iron
quality	this memoir of jon goodman has way too much talk about the subject , dickie goodman . and the edittings isnt' soo gud .	negative	chatter
quality	it doesn't cancel any noise what so ever	negative	creak
quality	these things smelled nasty . nothing like the description . don't waste your money on this poison . it's a truly awful product .	negative	dinero
quality	i have read all of his books and liked this the least . very graphic description of homosexual acts . weak ending .	negative	specification
quality	does not work comes up with a blank screen sound only they need to check it before they release it	negative	voice
quality	x large did not fit at all , my other bands x l fit fine would never order dickies again on line	negative	row
quality	it was not too good , the ink runs out really fast and i could not print much documents with it .	negative	credentials
quality	very disappointed that this is only a sample ! i don't see where i can download the complete book .	negative	tome
quality	super cute pattern but unflattering cut to the top . it went back to amazon , it just wasn't worth the price .	negative	grid
quality	really looked forward to playing this but no amount of double tapping makes a puzzle piece rotate . very very disappointed .	negative	contribution
quality	of course the day after the warranty expires ! love the product but one of the lasers is now not working .	negative	tomorrow
quality	this item work for day i would not recommend this to anyone else waste of money time horrible	negative	dinero
quality	i chose one star for this book . i found the story very slow moving and was unable to pique my interest .	negative	folk_tale
quality	it took over a month to get it , then i had to put it outside because of the smoke smell	negative	date
quality	it fits the pistols great , but it is so obvious you are better off wearing an imb or fanny pack .	negative	revolver
quality	good price , but would not hold a charge at all . threw it away . . . not worth it at all	negative	assessment
quality	if you want a grinder that will work for a couple of months , this is your unit . don't buy it .	negative	metric
quality	was not worth the cost of the book . it appears like someone simply copied and pasted the works of others .	negative	expense
quality	this bood was so bad i could not finish it which is very unusual for me . i can't recommend it .	negative	be
money	thought this was a great deal both versions for a very good price and received quickly	positive	assessment
money	great music , great to dance too , especially all those turns and twists and with the right partner . out of this world !	positive	husband
money	a good book to read after fifty shades of grey ! you will fall in love with jesse ward !	positive	tome
money	luther you are missed . what a voice . i wish he was still making music . i have all of his songs . thanks .	positive	thank_you
money	i use this color for lip liner and also brow filler . looks great for both and blends easily as well	positive	shade
money	this is what i've been looking for . it works great on my ford and mazda trucks . i strongly recommend this .	positive	camion
money	got them for halloween and was very cut with the costume . fast to get here and am very saitfied	positive	masquerade
money	great pipe easy to maintain and the flow of smoke is just perfect ! exactly what you would expect from glassphoria .	positive	flux
money	no more drugs to relieve anxiety for us , all natural cure and it helps you sleep better . feel better naturally	positive	medication
money	pleasantly surprised , looking forward to book .	positive	tome
money	everything described is accurate . works like a champ . pumps fast and quietly . comes with hose adapter so none needed . recommended .	positive	sock
money	it's funny how a modern mindset causes one to automatically see sexuality where it ultimately is not .	positive	masculinity
money	i order the book and it came on time , it was usefull and was in workable condition .	positive	tome
money	enjoyed the continuation of the story . brought it to an exciting and good end .	positive	folk_tale
money	i bought these for my wife and she really loves them , and i think they really look great on her .	positive	missus
money	the towel was nice and soft . i really liked it ! would recommend to others and would buy again . thank you .	positive	be
money	it was well written . i had a hard time putting it down and would return to it every spare minute .	positive	be
money	my son told me about these , they are tasty and are great for your digestive health as well .	positive	jr
money	my son and daughter who are begginers in chess are having fun with it . perfect size for them . good buy !	positive	length
money	i found the peek a boo kids really made my gardens look nice ! they are well made and pretty .	positive	preschooler
money	we will see when it come up	positive	behold
money	not so powerful but it would clear kitchen odor and some ventilation for the price . very good for small space .	positive	galley
money	book arrived in timely manner in the condition accurately described by the seller . thank you	positive	dealer
money	just what i wanted for the boys . fits nice and love the reversable part of it thanks alot for these masks	positive	thank_you
money	it's amazing how each book is so good . always a new discovery and something reveled that leads to the next story .	positive	finding
money	these look like snowflake jasper with a lot of white , not what i expected . they are pretty though .	positive	leer
money	haven't had but a few days but once i got used to the software it was easy . i like it .	positive	program
money	capper does a really good job of crimping and sealing my beer bottles . aaaaa worth the price for all bottling .	positive	employment
money	it was a really good adventure while tom was fighting it in the sea water's i really liked this book .	positive	tome
money	thrilling movie about a cop searching for two missing girls . unusual and original story , well told , and without unnecessary gore .	positive	documentary
money	if you are a ny football giants fan . you got to have this ! take it from the skullcrusher ! go big blue !	positive	soccer
money	perfect for teaching life lessons to young children . we own the paperback . it's a keeper for the generations . great book !	positive	preschooler
money	i love it my son thinks its great its to fast for him though its works wonderfully hi hello hi	positive	jr
money	this tablet is great ! like it so much i got my kids one ! very good quality ! very easy to use !	positive	preschooler
money	my children are coffee snobs so this makes them happy to have this brand at hand . i like it too .	positive	espresso
money	this os the best book i have ever read next to tommyland very different but bolth very good books	positive	textbook
money	best belt that i have ever owned , well worth it	positive	band
money	daughter wears them all the time and they fit well . she says they're comfy and everyone always says they're cute !	positive	mention
money	why would there be a game called beauty secrets . the tips i think seem helpful hope they make me look better .	positive	open_secret
money	they're perfect . i have an iphone and these fit really well and are super cute . definitely recommend buying them	positive	be
money	my son loves to dance along with the characters . he enjoys the music and tries to sing along with it .	positive	tune
money	very nice look and great features	positive	aspect
money	this is so lovely . fit perfectly . cannot fault these shoes . i will wear them for my wedding in august . yay	positive	miscalculation
money	everything i hoped it would be .	positive	seem
money	it's a darker red than i thought but i still like it .	positive	crimson
money	it's fun to play . just wish you could see the objects a little more clearly , they look a bit blurry .	positive	stuff
money	this along with the other two books i purchased are a great asset to the church choir .	positive	textbook
money	this is a great product i have porches others good price i will recommend this to any one .	positive	veranda
money	i got an a in the class and i learn a lot about how women are treated here in america	positive	lady
money	this product works very well . i like the shine and how they small , very useful product . works great ! thanks !	positive	thank_you
money	they were not true to form . i sent them back and ordered a smaller size but never recieved them .	negative	length
money	i expected a translation from latin . this is a rewrite of the poems , not nearly as good . ultimately , just vulgar .	negative	rhyme
money	i can't review it because i won't buy it untill you tell me how long it is , ft , or ft ?	negative	be
money	not much beyond the common sense that most of us have . i expected a lot more from webb , as a seal	negative	flood
money	this product felll apart after a few uses . the thin blue srtip separated from the white case . would not reccomend	negative	feature
money	very fun but gets boring don't get it i liked it but don't waste your storage on your device bye .	negative	appliance
money	bad product . i do not recommend , didn't work as intended an it leaked and later broked . do not buy this	negative	feature
money	very disappointed in the battery life . used as a back up for our alarm system , it lasted only a few months .	negative	network
money	broke out my neck after being outside and sweating . i will wait for cooler weather to use this product again .	negative	hyperhidrosis
money	the tote is too big for office use and too fancy and odd size for travel .	negative	journeying
money	just as the other user found out , the spacers break which clean the cutting heads and it is useless .	negative	wearer
money	crappp ! this case was effin junk broke the first day i put it on it omg ! that is so messed	negative	tomorrow
money	cheap material looks like a tent on me . awful	negative	tepee
money	this product is not good . it overheats the phone and that feels unsafe . had to purchase another from ebay . sorry .	negative	handset
money	they gave me a green and pink one i wanted that black and grey one as seen on the picture	negative	graphic
money	it burns , bad . my eyes swelled shut for days . had lots of green gunk coming out of my eyes .	negative	sapropel
money	bracelet wasn't translucent , doesn't look like picture or item description , don't waste your time gambling on what you might get	negative	specification
money	i don't know why , but this retractable cable didn't work . it was cheap and not worth returning . learned my lesson .	negative	be
money	will not fit a honda crf f cylinder unless its the model . anything under the piston will be . mm oversize	negative	roller
money	it was cool the drawings were hilarious i like the part when the guy eats fish food kate spangler	negative	frame
money	i've been using this product for several weeks now , i have more pimple than before . i don't recomment this product .	negative	feature
money	i would not recommend this product . fit is too small for . . heel is not . but . . very big difference .	negative	distinction
money	needle points to different direction , never stays on north and you cannot trust it . poor made . better avoid this product .	negative	heading
money	well i ordered a us small i received a medium idk why or how but it isn't what i expected . disappointed	negative	paper
money	low quality cheap wood . i would not recommend spend a little more and get a better quality hutch thank you	negative	poplar
money	it broke a week after i received it i am a little upset because it was close to bucks	negative	rag
money	it had one temperature hot ! my pup hated it and he likes things warm . it wasnt quiet on either setting	negative	cold
money	not needed , since i returned the kindle .	negative	revisit
money	did not like the music at all . hit wrong one . i don't like mozart . to hard to play . it sucks bad	negative	tune
money	excellent graphics combined with a compelling story with humanized characters ! loved it !	negative	folktale
money	took forever to get here . when i got it the colors on the case was faded off on some parts	negative	ensign
money	nice little book , but not offering the fresh ideas for which i was hoping . find more ideas searching the web .	negative	suggestion
money	it did not have the proper parts to assemble the launcher .	negative	bazooka
money	not hot not strong stuck with it lazy people like it i sure i want to taste the java thx	negative	folks
money	don't buy this if you think it's free . it's not worth it . it is the dumbest thing creators are stupid	negative	sacred_trinity
money	just because it's green , doesn't make it look like turf or the fake grass . can't fool the dog with it .	negative	puppy
money	it looks nice , but it run at least one size smaller and it's very narrow . otherwise , it is good .	negative	length
money	took awhile to take shape and is very low to ground . just use the ottoman now	negative	floor
money	i can't figure out how it works so i bought a wireless webcam instead . sorry , i can't figure it out .	negative	get
money	cheap , not worth the , wanted to return only would of had to pay to ship , again not worth it .	negative	barge
money	just get peggle . this is too little too blah . also , tooooo many adds . didn't enjoy it at all . not fun .	negative	obtain
money	hate this app . doesn't work any better than the free app	negative	despise
money	did not even fit . it is for the htc one sv . how ciuld it not fit ! very disappointed and angry .	negative	be
money	i was not impressed . in my opinion this movie should be removed from the prime list .	negative	documentary
money	you can only fit studs in these earring holders .	negative	peg
money	was not rubber . not enough spots in back for light and speaker . would not recommend toanybody false advertisement . bad product .	negative	commercial
money	if you like dusty cardboard , you will love these . when will amazon offer tortillaland uncooked torts on sub and save ?	negative	paperboard
money	i used it on natural hair and left it on for min looked dark brown rinsed out ashy brown .	negative	coiffure
money	i returned this booklet . i thought it was a compliation of the stories . my fault .	negative	folk_tale
money	it worked the first time on kindle fire , but crashed continually after that . had to remove it from the device .	negative	conflagration
game	all i use this camera for is talking to my grandkids who live , miles away . it works great !	positive	box_kodak
game	i never knew that he lived such a rough life . he manages to triumph through his music and charitable work .	positive	tune
game	great product . no issues . i painted it white and it looks even nicer . squirrels can't climb the narrow pole either .	positive	chipmunk
game	they are made of plastic though . the carrying case is very nice and easy to carry around . i like it .	positive	bakelite
game	great product . it looks very stylish and well . i just love this thing to death ! totally a good buy !	positive	feature
game	this is a great charger for the iphone . really well made for a mobile phone charger and reasonably priced .	positive	handset
game	it fits like a glove . works greatthe price just just about the best and love the color of it !	positive	shade
game	this was entertaining and kept me reading when i really should have been doing other things . i really enjoyed it .	positive	be
game	very informative perfect for the elementary school library .	positive	lycee
game	awesome pair of shoes , long lasting , good quality . very please with this product , my kid loves to wear this shoes	positive	adequacy
game	i love this book it is awesomeyou should read it love itget this book you will love it	positive	tome
game	i think that this book speaks so much truth that i wish more people would understand .	positive	folks
game	very simple to use , totally plug n play . works as expected . small unit hides easily behind my tv set up .	positive	cable
game	works great , instructions easy , and the results taste so goooood . highly recommend this product and so does many others .	positive	feature
game	thanks for the flag love this flag reminds me of home taking it to afghanistan will do business again soon	positive	thank_you
game	helpful in learning even more about orbs i have seen . thank you . this book is helping me understand alot more .	positive	tome
game	my grandson is reading this book and is really enjoying it . he wants to read another stephen king book soon	positive	tome
game	looks awesome on our vehicle ! very easy to apply . went on the window very well very happy with this purchase !	positive	purchasing
game	it is a good product for the price and i will definitely buy again . i liked it very , very much .	positive	feature
game	this shirt has been a great addition to the type of cloths i wear , and the band kicks some a	positive	tank_top
game	awesome product ! battery lasts a long time and the silent alarm is awesome ! great for goal keeping ! a definite buy	positive	purpose
game	this book is very helpful . this book has everything . it's a lot of challenge . a lot of good informe you .	positive	tome
game	i wanted this doll since it came out in stores ! i'm glad i got it after so many years .	positive	boutique
game	this series is really good . easy reading on a saturday afternoon and it is sure to keep you laughing also .	positive	perusal
game	needed a sheath for my prop ka bar knife and it fit just fine . the leather is high quality as well .	positive	cowhide
game	i enjoyed this book even though the subject matter was depressing and there certainly wasn t a happy ending . interesting topics .	positive	tome
game	great insight into of the world's best players and the way that professional tennis works . it's a quick read .	positive	footballer
game	a fun escape . not overhyped fluff by any stretch of the imagination .	positive	fantasy
game	this is a solid product . i got what i expected and got in in a timely manner .	positive	feature
game	been using for a few months and works great , nice to have a charger that doesn't get in the way .	positive	date
game	i actually use this to dry the silverware next to the dish rack . works great for that , too .	positive	flatware
game	it was great and stayed on for a week . essie is expensive and pricey but totally worth buying . amazing color !	positive	shopping
game	this is the best cd that i've ever heard about and you must have it	positive	be
game	allen edmonds never need breaking in . plus they are american made . a rareity in today' world . i highly recommend them .	positive	nature
game	this was delicious and beautiful to look at . was a hit during christmas for family gathering . would highly recommend it	positive	meeting
game	read this series . love reading this searies . there are two three book sets . i would buy this anytime ,	positive	sequence
game	best movie to watch every year on . there is no better movie to watch on this date . is there ?	positive	documentary
game	we enjoyed using this as a teaching tool with our family and learned a lot about the roman catholic church .	positive	lecturing
game	fit perfectly the first time . couldn't have asked for anything better . i will by them again when they wear out	positive	consult
game	it is very silent . i don't hear the fans . it keeps the laptop cool even after several hours of use .	positive	shift
game	exactly what we needed to keep our young grandchildren out of our pool . their safety is our number one priority !	positive	security
game	protects ipad and lets you pose the ipad up so you can watch it , worth it to protect your ipad	positive	observe
game	i'm not really a sci fi lover except for this show ! i'll have to look for a fan club !	positive	blower
game	i purchased this product to mix miscellaneous products that don't necessarily require a traditional mixer . it gets the job done .	positive	employment
game	the song downloaded quickly and easily and was priced fairly . this is a very convenient way to make such purchases .	positive	purchasing
game	daughter loved this show , me i thought it was cute , and i think that any barbie fan will love it .	positive	blower
game	i bought this to act as a headboard for a bed in one of my spare rooms . it looks amazing !	positive	cot
game	fits as expected . like that it has the clip on it . stays on at the gym . helps protect the ipod .	positive	safeguard
game	yea as the title says what more could you want . like being in between reality and dreaming here for you .	positive	real_life
game	perfect for flipping pages but hard to write with . tip is too wide for that . excellents service without problems	negative	utility
game	the condition of the book was not as good as described with of the pages completley detached . edges ragged	negative	tome
game	a really stupid premise for a book . don't bother .	negative	thesis
game	price is laughable . it should be price correctly from the start . paying list price would be a complete rip off .	negative	onset
game	looks like fabric on the web page it is a crappy paper box that does not even go together nicely .	negative	newsprint
game	it rusted and i threw it away . do not waste your time and money on this product like i did .	negative	dinero
game	my star came in an odd shape , nothing like the picture .	negative	roundness
game	was not as good as so many women have made it to be . too much detail about clothing , food loetc	negative	clothes
game	it's very basic information . wasn't all that helpful . although at the end are several links that are decent reads .	negative	news
game	this was a low chair not a high chair . it could hav been great but to short . returned to bad .	negative	chaise
game	the version was really bad , very hard to read in the kindle , i delete it straight away , very very poor quality , sigh .	negative	adequacy
game	edges of the tape keep coming undone . very annoying . it could be much better but it could also be worse .	negative	webbing
game	this tape is good , but the price is so high i don , t think i will buy anymore . i an't rich .	negative	assessment
game	not worth the money spent . bought of these and if you drop them they shatter like glass . very fragile .	negative	dinero
game	i did not recieve the item can someone explain what is going on ?	negative	incidental
game	tired of all the advertisements between plays . almost as bad as the internet . no means no . enough is enough . stop .	negative	commercial
game	it was not what i order and it went to chicago in i live jeff . in . could not return it	negative	be
game	tent ploe broke and tent ripped on first set up . on hold with customer service for hours	negative	guest
game	will not recommend to a customer . the product doesnt work at all . it was a waste of money to me	negative	dinero
game	if looked as a parady of some other books it was some whatamusing . but very heavy handed .	negative	textbook
game	did not fit . strap snap kept popping off ever time . poor quality control . very strong glue smell . would not recommend .	negative	adequacy
game	because the battery died minutes after it was fully charged . i think it should be replaced w a new battery .	negative	hansard
game	bracelet wasn't translucent , doesn't look like picture or item description , don't waste your time gambling on what you might get	negative	specification
game	this guide was not very helpful	negative	usherette
game	i picked up this book with a bible study group and we got through the third chapter before giving up .	negative	tome
game	narvel is correct . i should not have wasted both the money and time in purchasing and reading this lousy book .	negative	dinero
game	i would have like to been told that this requires the cd in order to play !	negative	announce
game	the baklava was stale and tasted like rancid oil . i would never order this product again . it was just horrible .	negative	petroleum
game	great for halloween prop awful if actually wanna use it . i was starbuck from battlestar galactica for halloween	negative	be
game	i was trying to buy these for an adult . maybe a bad idea , but anyway , they are too small . fooey .	negative	concept
game	this item is horrible . lights hold moisture and eventually cause lights not to work . i would never recommend this item .	negative	candlelight
game	this product arrived with no directions instructions for assembly supposedly easy . i couldn't figure out how to put the thing together .	negative	heading
game	absolutely no good ! this is just a gimmick and doesn't work at all . surely there is something better out there .	negative	be
game	not what i expected . only three songs were on the cd .	negative	ditty
game	it pauses a lot , can't really get into it . wish and will try to get my money back ! don't buy !	negative	dinero
game	very disappointed with this product . i could find better at the local walmart and for the same pricestay away	negative	feature
game	love the look . run small	negative	leer
game	words were boring i tried to deleteit but it keeps showing up in my apps . not for my kindle .	negative	be
game	no vale la pena , muy cursi . para mi gusto esta novela no representa al autor , es muy cursi de verdad .	negative	dale
game	yes this book does really suckk do not get it	negative	tome
game	crappy product from crappy seller , poor quality , not warm , cut is uneven and crooked , wrinkled , cheap manufacturing , picture is misleading	negative	dealer
game	beautiful but junk . it quit working very soon after she received it	negative	slack
game	slips right out of your hand . no rubber support on the sides .	negative	fist
game	these are a great price , but they only lasted about months before they would no longer charge .	negative	date
game	this was not very easy to use or have very good organizational tasks . i would not recommend using this tool .	negative	assignment
game	color , texture and flavor of this heirloom fruit left me rather disappointed . will purchse local hybrid fruit this years garden .	negative	landscaping
game	i ordered it oct th . still haven't gotten it but was billed for it . hope it is worth the wait .	negative	moratorium
game	didnt work as well as described	negative	job
game	keeps saying full , done everything i know to do . first time to ever have one that doesn't work . very disappointed	negative	job
game	not liked at all did not help this old man would not recome should be taken off list teach nothing	negative	roster
story	i love my pillow . looking into getting on more so i wear it out .	positive	bolster
story	solid hood , reverses on lens for storage . very rare i do not use this hood when shooting macro .	positive	eyepiece
story	very happy with this product and great for my jewelry making good deal also . i would purchase again for sure	positive	necklace
story	stevie is excellent , always has been always will be . the quality of this video is excellent sound picture	positive	adequacy
story	i highly recommend this hemp cereal and cereal bars . they are both fantastic . the pumpkin flax cereal is amazing too .	positive	oat
story	i have read all of the joe dillard series . i am anxiously awaiting further books by scott pratt !	positive	sequence
story	exactly as i expected . very cute ! everything was just like the picture and i love the figure on my shelf !	positive	mantel
story	this is way bigger than i thought it would be fits perfect above my bed i just love it	positive	cot
story	using these for hanging off of my manzanita centerpieces . i am saving money for my wedding by doing them myself	positive	dinero
story	this is just what i needed to further my education regarding my career , thanks i will use it every day .	positive	thank_you
story	i already had my own cd's for a couple of years now and sent duplicates to a friend . of mine .	positive	same-sex_marriage
story	i found the camera bag to be of high quality and functionality . i am very pleased with this camera bag .	positive	sachet
story	works great . i am very satisfied . i would recommend to others . i would purchased this item again . great value for price .	positive	incidental
story	nice song . nice voice . nice sound . can't wait for the next album . please let's all support this new cameroonian musician .	positive	singer
story	excellent book . it took awhile for me to read but i loved it and love my kindle !	positive	tome
story	the product seems made of high quality materials , just a little bit smaller than i originally anticipated it would be .	positive	adequacy
story	i can only say that this item out lasted my camera , so i cant say anything else about it . jackson	positive	incidental
story	amazing product and good fabric , looks great so i would definitely buy another set once the price goes down hopefully	positive	chiffon
story	another great book from sue grafton . kinsey millhone is such a unique character , and you just can't stop reading . loved it !	positive	perusal
story	this is the third one of these i've built . great micro pc	positive	desktop_computer
story	couldn't stop reading . definitely a page turner as i found myself lost in this wonderful book . i highly recommend it .	positive	perusal
story	watch your back . i'll be waiting . come out and play . it's nice out . i'm going to kill you . impression of herobrine	positive	hunch
story	works great fits and ga just fine , not sure what else to say about it . get one today .	positive	obtain
story	a wonderful book about friendship that touches your heart and soul . loved it !	positive	tome
story	one of his best ever ! absolutely mystical and soul stirring !	positive	ghost
story	my grandson loves sesame street so i thought i'd buy this for him for christmas . he's going to love it .	positive	rue
story	great educational value delivered in a fun show that our kids love !	positive	preschooler
story	fantastic book ! you won't notice its length !	positive	tome
story	great little charger , works well with my waverunners . i use one charger for both and it has worked out well .	positive	put
story	it is an excellent product , and the price was very good , we gought of them as gifts for christmas	positive	donation
story	i am totally joining gymnastics now . thanks april ! i am definitely buying the rest of her books . great value ! yay	positive	thank_you
story	i thought it was well wrote book . love the characters . the setting in montana made you think you were there .	positive	tome
story	work as it should and well worth the price , i wuld buy more if i needed them . buy buy buy	positive	assessment
story	really excellent , a very readable overview of the large cycles and how powerful they usually are .	positive	be
story	i used this drill press stand to make a homemade edm electrical discharge machine . this product served my purpose well .	positive	computer
story	i love the cables . cheaper here than anywhere else . they are great for the price and great for my needs .	positive	assessment
story	it works so that is a plus ! xbox live is pretty awesome with the games with gold free games ! yay !	positive	cards
story	i didn't expect much from a ya about monster hunters . surprisingly good and refreshing in execution . i need more . please	positive	beheading
story	for all moroder and space disco fans this album is essential and brilliant . few tracks here not available anywhere else !	positive	trail
story	utz are the best tasting in the snack food products ! will be ordering more . a great value for a pretzel !	positive	aliment
story	fyi , it doesn't say it but this book does have the studentconsult online access code inside the cover .	positive	tome
story	i bought of these and they worked beautifully every time . no issues at all and at a great price .	positive	assessment
story	just as advertised . looks great in my sports bar . from a distance you can not tell that it is plastic .	positive	nearness
story	everything was just as i was expecting and on time . these shorts are very comfortable . i would buy these again .	positive	hot_pants
story	the person who wanted this was happy to receive it . he kept this pair , and the other i reviewed today .	positive	man
story	love this type of book very interesting holds you to the pageswith their were more to it to read	positive	tome
story	it is very silent . i don't hear the fans . it keeps the laptop cool even after several hours of use .	positive	shift
story	they might please all women , but they are great for me . i am a life long wearer of lashes .	positive	lady
story	hung on my wall had to push couch back picture so good sounds good was easy to set up	positive	divan
story	it is disappointed me . it gets my son eczama worse . if i can , i wish to return it .	negative	jr
story	got it today . already cracked . clearly not for tricks .	negative	shtick
story	do not waste your money , does not work as watch slips out of the nylon rollers does not grip sufficiently	negative	dinero
story	i can't tell difference with cool shield ?	negative	distinction
story	the worst product ever . do not buy it . it's useless . it can neither take the photo or record the video .	negative	snapshot
story	could not get it to sit on our dog properly cannot use it really disappointed in this product	negative	puppy
story	part of it was broken and had lot of scratches on it , seems like a used product . requested for replacement .	negative	feature
story	i didn't like it doesn't fit my phone good i'm so unhappy with it	negative	handset
story	bad things exist in life , let's all cry . wahh . feel better ? what you liked it ? oh well read this book .	negative	tome
story	they don't fit the frames because they are thinner then the original lenses and the appear to be very cheap .	negative	eyeglass
story	doesn't smell that good . it leaves a sticky residue on you .	negative	crackling
story	it's the worst computer that i ever have in my life ! , doesn't have enough memory and it is too slow ,	negative	reminiscence
story	awful ! nothing like the picture . only one bead and two wire bracelets . really not able to give as a gift .	negative	donation
story	knife arrived today . flashlight doesn't work . overall just a general disappointment . the knife feels and looks cheap and poorly made .	negative	penlight
story	not even sure how to use it . it's not doing popping up on my computer .	negative	website
story	this cord is junk ! it stopped working after using it only times ! tried everything ! would like my money back !	negative	dinero
story	poor writing , don't waist your money . i am a conservative . not funny nor worth it . it is not even educational .	negative	dinero
story	the trays are flimsy and doesn't release the ice well . they also are very tricky to stack without spilling water .	negative	frost
story	i don't how this was but on my review list i didn't purchase it don't know athing about it .	negative	purchasing
story	the black diamonds where to different sizes and cuts . when you look at them sideways you can see the difference	negative	distinction
story	it's unlike expected . it's not suitable for men so i don't like this . too tighten my foots . sorryand thanks	negative	thank_you
story	i used it for a month and it is falling apart already . cheap plastic	negative	bakelite
story	didn't work at all . my kids threw away the packaging so i couldn't return it . will not recommend this product .	negative	preschooler
story	only used a single pouch unfortunately they have that horrible stench of industrial perfume . really stinks . wont use again .	negative	pocket
story	the sheets got so crinkly after wash , i had to iron them to use it . don't waste your money !	negative	dinero
story	tacks for ever to lode . it is hard and not vere cool to seethe dinosaur . they don't move allot . such anemashenthe end	negative	diplodocus
story	this game doesn't work at all .	negative	cards
story	i would not recommend this product . the usb doesn't fit in the battery charger , it keeps coming loose	negative	feature
story	this product has no effect . i would have given it stars , if that was an option . .	negative	impact
story	these were supposed to make the jabra headset fit better . it still doesn't and remains of no use . avoid both products .	negative	inventory
story	too much f too much talking boring	negative	chatter
story	i have no choice but to rate this product low . it does not meet my needs and is very frustrating	negative	feature
story	book set was not complete . how can any bookstore do such a thing ? send the set without a book	negative	tome
story	this bra is a minimizer and should be classified as such . terrible fit if you're expecting a full figure support bra .	negative	uplift
story	this book has very little to do with what the outline said . waste of money and time to read it .	negative	dinero
story	plug broke the first week i used it . this is not what i expected from griffin based on past experience .	negative	spigot
story	this is not a rubber case it is plastic i was mislead when i purchased it .	negative	ebonite
story	the stamps are smaller than i thought . the pictures are a bit misleading . the small stamps are hard to use .	negative	graphic
story	when i clicked on the song someone to watch over me , i got release me . watch what you purchase it .	negative	anthem
story	would not download to my kindle fire or my iphone .	negative	conflagration
story	will not work on my kindle fire , bougt it expecting more but you have to pay extra for function items .	negative	conflagration
story	very old not of my speed thanks blurry at times scenery was double vision not a sharp movie to watch .	negative	thank_you
story	the condition of the book was not as good as described with of the pages completley detached . edges ragged	negative	tome
story	it worked well at first , but then i was unable to get downloads to show up in this apps file .	negative	obtain
story	one of the catanas get me bent	negative	obtain
story	this is a pot boiler romance . i was disappointed . all the reviews whew very high and it was not good .	negative	intrigue
story	was expecting better quality and these were nothing i was needing . would not purchase again . and they broke first time	negative	adequacy
movie	loving it , doesn't roll and works perfect	positive	wallow
movie	excellent song ! wonderful music , voice , and theology .	positive	apologetics
movie	these puzzles are addicting . i enjoy them , helps me relax .	positive	sudoku
movie	the book provides very practical , insightful , and easy to understand perspectives on forgotten and easily implementable practices for modern christians .	positive	world_view
movie	very inspirational , well written . this is an absorbing book that just can't be put down . i enjoyed it very much .	positive	tome
movie	i really enjoy reading and this was a good book and look forward to reading other works by this author .	positive	novelist
movie	i got this for my month old nephew for christmas . the fit looks perfect , and its very well made .	positive	date
movie	awesome in a compact equipment . well worth the pricew in quality of sound and quality of workmanship .	positive	materiel
movie	this product was such a steal ! i love it and it is exactly what i expected . you won't be disappointed .	positive	feature
movie	fantastic ! gets better each season . we love this show ! amazon is my favorite way of purchasing shows . thank you amazon .	positive	whitsuntide
movie	will buy again in different style . didn't know amazon . com had such cute clothes and they run pretty true to size .	positive	length
movie	these helped out but where i put them they fell over with just brushing agains one of them several times	positive	contemporary_world
movie	nickle plated was great . i couldn r put it down . i hope to read more of nickle s advertures in the future .	positive	tomorrow
movie	protects ipad and lets you pose the ipad up so you can watch it , worth it to protect your ipad	positive	observe
movie	is the best choice for shopping , or an excellent gift for any loved one will not disappoint anyone . i love	positive	donation
movie	daughter wears them all the time and they fit well . she says they're comfy and everyone always says they're cute !	positive	mention
movie	i can't explain in words why i love this case . its so amaze ! thanks ! totes recommend it ! i love it	positive	thank_you
movie	these are adorable and comfortable . i just love them ! you will be so happy with them and love them too .	positive	be
movie	awesome . i enjoy playing this game . my kids like playing it too . we like that it makes you think .	positive	preschooler
movie	this really works to relieve pain without drugs , long lasting battery	positive	medication
movie	these are great . the fit is very good , and they do not cut into your legs . i would recommend this product .	positive	feature
movie	don't know how it feels but my wife says it is the greatest and it looks good on her . buy	positive	missus
movie	my favorite song on the album . i highly recommend it to fans of u and non fans alike . enjoy it .	positive	anthem
movie	holds the abdomen in , gives a lot of support , just as pictured , excellant quality fabric , would certainly recommend to others	positive	chiffon
movie	just what i wanted . delivered on time . will purchase again .	positive	yearn
movie	beautiful illustrations , written instructions are clear .	positive	figure
movie	this book is an interesting overview of dream traditions from various cultures through history , suffers from unsupported new age claims .	positive	oldness
movie	i was leary because of the price but they were worth every penny . i will be buying again and again	positive	assessment
movie	got to have tool for construction , rescue and utility work . needs a holster , however .	positive	fabrication
movie	nicholas reminds me a little of brian culbertson with a twist . the more i play it the better it sounds . d . g .	positive	gamble
movie	easy and quick to put on and much better than putting on regular d glasses over regular glasses . highly recommended !	positive	goggles
movie	my year old niece has ag dolls . these shoes will work for of them . thank u much !	positive	puppet
movie	gave this book as a gift , there appears to be a lot of information with a lot of pictures .	positive	news
movie	this book has stood the test of time and will make you a better player if you follow it everyday	positive	footballer
movie	this was delicious and beautiful to look at . was a hit during christmas for family gathering . would highly recommend it	positive	meeting
movie	excellent , as right ratio and strength are provide to be effective , taken as prescribed it does work in raising testosterone levels .	positive	sturdiness
movie	this was a fantastic show that got canceled much too soon . please , sony pictures , put this out on dvd now !	positive	graphic
movie	this little book is packed with full information that i found very helpful and was glad that i got it .	positive	news
movie	i bought these for a project and they are much stronger than i anticipated them being . they will work great .	positive	assignment
movie	this is a great book about how the business world should become more human .	positive	firm
movie	this book is very helpful . this book has everything . it's a lot of challenge . a lot of good informe you .	positive	tome
movie	capper does a really good job of crimping and sealing my beer bottles . aaaaa worth the price for all bottling .	positive	employment
movie	excellent product ! has more functions than expected , very easy to use . great for running or execise moment .	positive	time
movie	it worked well with the walls and fairly easy to attach . friend's recommendation made it an easy purchase for me ,	positive	purchasing
movie	great bench , bought for mother in law she loves it ! wanted something that required no upkeep ! would recomened .	positive	mom
movie	it's small and easy to carryi love de texture and use it a lot to protect the hard drive	positive	smoothness
movie	i use this to make my winter dry skin body butter and this is nice and pure shea butter	positive	flesh
movie	sturdy and cute . happy with the purchase . this isn't a cheap product ! it fits phone well . definitely recommend .	positive	purchasing
movie	nice swim suit , not very expensive . but you should wash it by hand because the material is a little delicate .	positive	fist
movie	this bible app provides you with all translations of the bible for cross references as you study the word of god .	positive	allusion
movie	not totally unlocked . g g does not work with the colombian phone companies . ony able to use it with edge techconlogy .	negative	handset
movie	origins is a terrible platform but the game is great	negative	provenance
movie	did not live up to my expectations . i guess the word novelties should have been a giveaway .	negative	anticipation
movie	terrible . on u tube it looks easy . it has to be heated to a dangerous temperature . don't waste your money .	negative	dinero
movie	i thought u would be able to take care of your own horse it wasn't what i was looking for .	negative	mare
movie	not much to say about this product accept that its so far useless	negative	feature
movie	there were no instructions with these , so i am not sure what i am looking for in the results window .	negative	porthole
movie	i never received the robin cook book , or the break up dvd .	negative	chef
movie	this comforter does not even fit an average sized crib , very misleading	negative	median
movie	would not open after downloading . would just crash after clicking on it . not worth it , even if it is free .	negative	be
movie	nice concept but the opening is to small , and my granddaughter gets frustrated trying to put things in the bag .	negative	notion
movie	turned my wrist black . not quality material .	negative	adequacy
movie	if i had to chose again i wouldn't but this . i actually fell asleep on this . bruce willis could be better	negative	pick
movie	this plastic ornament digs into my feet , i cannot walk at all , it hurts too much	negative	gait
movie	this shirt is okay but i found it way too baggy , even in a small size .	negative	tank_top
movie	these were very pretty but they don't hang right . the hearts face sideways instead of facing front . sent them back .	negative	head
movie	yes this book does really suckk do not get it	negative	tome
movie	different voices sound the same and are hardly understandable . there's no volume adjustment which would curtail the emitted loud sounds .	negative	voice
movie	nothing happens for the first hour and mins . then a mishmash of scenes leading to a confused ending . disappointing .	negative	stage
movie	unfortunately my kids broke this sharpener within a few days so i would have to rate it low on durability .	negative	preschooler
movie	was missing some parts , it comes apart when hauling garbage cans to the street . i would not buy thisagain .	negative	rue
movie	game would not work kept shutting off	negative	cards
movie	i don't how this was but on my review list i didn't purchase it don't know athing about it .	negative	purchasing
movie	mindless and repetitive . same countries over again unless you pay extra for the priviledge of a supposed free game .	negative	city_state
movie	it is the worst book i have ever read . i am not expected to read any more riley weber books .	negative	textbook
movie	these are not skullcandy . they're made from a different rubber that doesn't fit and stay like the real headphone rubbers	negative	earplug
movie	wouldnt download at all ! couldnt play of it course although it was free . still hated it lol . . .	negative	elective
movie	moves at a snail's pace . and one can only take so much of halle berry's overwrought facial expressions .	negative	maneuver
movie	extra small was too larger . never thought i would say that . i wished it would have fit me .	negative	think
movie	try reading liberty and tyranny instead , a better book by far . this is very poorly written , not worth your time .	negative	perusal
movie	kudos to the photographer ! . if only the product tasted as good as the photo looks ! . i'd never order again . a study in mediocrity !	negative	snapshot
movie	just wanted to see how it compared to the original . at least it was better than the version on netflix .	negative	approximation
movie	it took over a month to get it , then i had to put it outside because of the smoke smell	negative	date
movie	broke after months . the cable length was nice . wish it didn't break . find some other option instead of this .	negative	circumference
movie	run and my daughter hit a snag orsomething and it popped . boy was shesad . too thin .	negative	lad
movie	projection on the ceiling is so small you can barely see it , also won't focus and doesn't keep correct time .	negative	overhead
movie	the little mouse is the perfect size for my tablet . unfortunately it stopped working after only a week . very disappointed .	negative	length
movie	another app which nags for facebook and is overpriced . requires additional purchases to receive more puzzles . quickest uninstall so far .	negative	purchasing
movie	explains the relationship between johnny carson and henry bushkin . not much details about other friends and family of johnny carson .	negative	partnership
movie	thought this was a large print bible but was not , gave it to charity for someone else to use . thanks	negative	thank_you
movie	the spine was separated from the pages . the paper was cheap and the art work fuzzy , but is still readable .	negative	newsprint
movie	did not work at all .	negative	busy
movie	cheap ! cheap ! cheap ! i had this put in to my infiniti i and months later it blew out	negative	date
movie	product is broke does not work properly	negative	feature
movie	one leg split on it's first use , i had to wrap it in duct tape to get my kayak home .	negative	peg
movie	not good as other brand . worst decision that i have made for my mom's ipad . oh . no . i didn't like it !	negative	label
movie	this was a gift for some one else and i haven't heard any feedback from the recipient .	negative	donation
movie	poor quality ill already throw away , got rusted after the first wash , try to get better vendors , i wish i could return bye	negative	adequacy
movie	this album has no meaning and his lyrics are awful . if you are a rap fan , this will disappoint you !	negative	blower
phone	this was a wonderfully heart wrenching recount of amanda's time . i really felt the rawness of emotion that amanda experienced .	positive	anger
phone	nice itemgood control feelits on a spot dualie gatesnice only not much grip for my cygolite	positive	authority
phone	they are amazing in their perfection representing a rose in such a tiny way .	positive	eglantine
phone	i was very happy with the purchase . i love the game and i would order from them again .	positive	purchasing
phone	i have many simplehuman products all beautifully designed and well made . the brush head is replaceable for . . highly recommended .	positive	inventory
phone	this workout dvd is perfect for everyone because it has everything from low impact to high velocity exercises . thank you !	positive	calisthenics
phone	i liked this book . so far i have enjoyed all of her books and recommend this author all the time .	positive	novelist
phone	excellent story line , great for book clubs . i highly recommend it . jodi picoult has done it again ! another page turner !	positive	row
phone	great sd card , and great service from amazon , maybe they should be called amaz'ing instead ?	positive	utility
phone	these are perfect to add a little character to your garage door . all harware was included and easy to install .	positive	car_port
phone	the twists and turns of the story just get better and better .	positive	folk_tale
phone	i thought the effects were fantastic in this movie , but overall the film did not live up to its hype .	positive	documentary
phone	the best product on the market ! i have tried a few other products this is the best one to date !	positive	birthday
phone	love it ! natural a pleasing lemon scent . did not like the idea of spraying the aerosoles inhaling them .	positive	concept
phone	i wasn't sure i was going to like this but was pleasantly surprised looking for more by catherine ryan hyde !	positive	be
phone	is the best choice for shopping , or an excellent gift for any loved one will not disappoint anyone . i love	positive	donation
phone	exactly what it says . feet long and not even broken or anything . woooooooow ! it is well worth the price !	positive	assessment
phone	for a short story , i loved this . i do wish it was longer . i'd read more by this author . shaun	positive	novelist
phone	another disney triumph . a real family movie , plus the life and death struggle . you watch from beginning to end . enjoy !	positive	documentary
phone	if you love old rem , you must own this and the remastered murmur . they are bot amazing .	positive	be
phone	it is a little lighter than i expected but the quality is good . packaged well and easy to put together .	positive	adequacy
phone	i ordered this and then ordered more and am considering ordering even more ! i love love love this product !	positive	feature
phone	my daughter love it her skin is getting clear . this is a product i would recommend to others very pleased	positive	scalp
phone	these games are fun . i play alone , but it's more fun with other people of course .	positive	folks
phone	one of the best product hands down on the market for my long colored dry hair , especially considering the price .	positive	coiffure
phone	super soft and plush , no lint , easy to use and they wash well ! would will buy again when needed .	positive	get
phone	loved this movie ! i have watched it at least times since i received it .	positive	documentary
phone	husband grills out almost every weekend and this thermometer works well with chicken or ribs and he likes it .	positive	hen
phone	the item is really big , i didn't think it was this big when i got it but it's really cute .	positive	incidental
phone	they're awesome ! i'm a size and they fit pretty good for a size . . i love them ! pretty cool	positive	length
phone	it needed one more lift , but it works fine , the color is beautiful and it sits against the wall perfectly .	positive	shade
phone	this along with the other two books i purchased are a great asset to the church choir .	positive	textbook
phone	i ve received this philips norelco x hp sensotouch d electric razor , and it is a very good one ! it s made in usa !	positive	shaver
phone	this sticker rocks ! very good for making your car unique . people always know what the fox hound symbol means . mgs	positive	folks
phone	fun game ! wish the cards were a little thicker but a good product for this day and age disposable .	positive	tomorrow
phone	i read alot and i find that i am enjoying this authors books , she has a good story line	positive	row
phone	i especially liked that the packaging used less material than if you bought them at the store . less waste .	positive	boutique
phone	as described . charges quickly . both plugs work well .	positive	earplug
phone	they worked perfectly , i used them on a long planned vacation . i did not notice any difference from the original	positive	distinction
phone	please keep writting this series about their new life as a couple ! and more on the organisation please !	positive	sequence
phone	familar with the issues , especially the hacking . well done but the use of concerted military pressure is not really likely .	positive	suction
phone	john unitas was the best qb of all time . he had an interesting life along with the football	positive	soccer
phone	these are great quality , size and the color on the computer screen was accurate . linen color . would purchase more of these .	positive	shade
phone	this collection is a must have for the mcdreamy fanatic . i loved the commercial free , uninterupted episodes .	positive	assortment
phone	these are very sexy boots ! a little higher heel than i've worn before but they fit great and look great !	positive	wedge
phone	i watch heroes over and over . i cant get enough of it . it was cean and had no scratches . thanx .	positive	hunter
phone	guest performance by ramsey lewis on a fender rhodes piano , recorded live in says it all and then some .	positive	theatrical
phone	it was farily interesting to me but it took me quite a while to read .	positive	be
phone	this show is amazing i love that amazon has it . this season is great and they stream in great quality	positive	adequacy
phone	my photo albums holding old pictures look very handsome . a nice feature is the ability to add and remove pages .	positive	aspect
phone	please , mr . glass . stick to composing music , but don't write any more songs .	negative	pyrex
phone	this thing only last a week before it stop working , don't buy it . worst mistake ever , save yourself the trouble	negative	rag
phone	fades really quickly and turns a bad pink color ! don't recommend it ! i would try to find a different brand	negative	label
phone	i love the color and its durable . i am mainly upset at the quality of the kindle i purchased . mad	negative	shade
phone	would not recommend . very strange , not well written . did not enjoy book at all . dont wast your money or time .	negative	dinero
phone	the item was open and not the right item inside . the original item was replaced with a maybelline liquid eyeliner	negative	water
phone	strange , but then again it is poe	negative	be
phone	split apart on first use .	negative	subdivide
phone	hated it don't waste the money . poorly written . no follow through . you stop caring about the character rather quickly .	negative	dinero
phone	not as described it's too small will not fit the vehicle at all , pontiac trans sport , . litre petrol	negative	racing
phone	it's not stretchy material . it fits everywhere but it was a struggle to get my hips past the waist part	negative	paper
phone	no pictures . dull . i'm a visual person , and reading script is hard to translate into carrying it over to performance .	negative	screenplay
phone	the protective film on the plate left a sticky residue and the white paint turned pink within the first week .	negative	rose
phone	i reader the reviews dosen look good you should look at the reviews too they help alotdon't get it	negative	bookworm
phone	the stories themselves were ok . though very burdened with words . too many and too complex for such a simple story .	negative	folk_tale
phone	useless , a total waste of money . the wasps laughed at it . did attract some flies however . so not totally useless .	negative	dinero
phone	i love xyletol in mints and game , but putting them in coffee doesn't taste so good ! has a bad aftertaste .	negative	espresso
phone	didn't fit any water bottles tried different major brands . couldn't use it and not worth it to send back .	negative	water_bottle
phone	this slide didn't last a season . it split at the seam and can't repair it . my grandchildren are very upset .	negative	grandson
phone	buy something else . this swim system is uncomfortable for children and slips too much no matter how you adjust it .	negative	preschooler
phone	gahhh ! this wasn't written by l . j . smith , it doesn't count don't buy it ! they fired hr and took her idea	negative	concept
phone	cheap ! this is not what i wanted , hate the product . this looks nothing like the picture you show of it .	negative	feature
phone	definitely waste money . after one day , this miserable sticker is downing from wall . do not purchase this product . it is just garbage .	negative	dinero
phone	simple installation device driver incompatible with windows xp . tech support not able to offer any solution . would not recommend purchasing	negative	chauffeur
phone	i go through these usb cigarette lighter adapters pretty fast . this one is no exception . it just doesn't last long .	negative	circulate
phone	i ordered a tank top but this one is a sleeveless tshirt , ugh ! kept it .	negative	head
phone	we have a mini daschund and the stairs were too far apart for her short little legs . we returned it	negative	ladder
phone	they don't fit the frames because they are thinner then the original lenses and the appear to be very cheap .	negative	eyeglass
phone	great product until it broke weeks in . i should have bought it at petsmart so i could return it .	negative	feature
phone	you can only get so far before you have to pay to move forward in this game . so frustrating . dislike !	negative	cards
phone	doesn't work , is cheap and didn't sharpen at all . very disappointing and not worth even dealing with in our opinion .	negative	idea
phone	this broke as soon as i got it , it is junk , don't waste your money ! so not worth a penny !	negative	dinero
phone	need instructions . not what l expected . very disappointed .	negative	necessity
phone	cheap quality . i guess you get what you pay for with this . scissors fell apart right out of the box .	negative	shears
phone	you need to buy traffic receiver , so it is false advertising saying it has traffic . boo !	negative	commercial
phone	the pot handle arrived broken , is a good product but the handle is broken at the end of the handle .	negative	feature
phone	this book is awful . i downloaded a copy so glad i did not buy it and waste my hard earned money .	negative	dinero
phone	the strips do not stay on at night . i followed the instructions to the letter . do not by this product .	negative	epistle
phone	i didn't get the one i wanted . it was not grey , and it was not what it's in the picture .	negative	graphic
phone	it has awesome simulations in it and fun it has fun graphics i hope you enjoy it and have fun	negative	drawing
phone	a poorly written waste of time . this book started slowly and lost pace throughout . no plot , no action , no good .	negative	tome
phone	i loved it , thank you	negative	adore
phone	this just never worked . one piece would be too large , another too small . ended up not using it at all .	negative	scrap
phone	you can get drivers for this for vista but they are frankly terrible everything comes out looking striped and grainy .	negative	chauffeur
phone	i needed it , so i started wearing it . i hope will shrink when it is washed . wish me good luck .	negative	misfortune
phone	kudos to the photographer ! . if only the product tasted as good as the photo looks ! . i'd never order again . a study in mediocrity !	negative	snapshot
phone	this case is loosing hairs very fast . i guess it isi just for display not everyday use . would not recommend	negative	body_hair
phone	too heavy for us to lift . haven't been to get it to the truck to use it . bought carrier instead .	negative	camion
phone	i found this to be the worst pillow i have ever owned . it is hard and also gets very hot .	negative	bolster
phone	this hat is nice and warm , but the color was nothing like the picture . i kept it , but am disappointed .	negative	bonnet
